county fair	second place ribbon	in an empty stall
junk car	the hum of bees	beneath the hood
the christmas	after we told them	artificial tree
a bit of rust	on the chevy's fender	harvest moon
a lightning strike gives up a flower
forest clearing	a scapula	left for the moon
that time of year	moonlight fills	his empty chair
birding . . .	the unfamiliar path	home
winter solstice	the tilt	of her hospital bed
first morning	firecracker papers	wander the streets
flies wait it out	under a cows chin	spring shower
heartwood	the saw changes	its tune
snow field	the earth marked	by fallen angels
setting sun	an accordion squeezes	the night air
no moon	the click of stilettos	on cobblestones
flowing estuary	native languages	long gone
in the hot tub	my eyes on her floating breasts	hunters moon
rosebud unfolding	the seed packet left behind	in revelations
no escaping	this moonlight	pompeii
river mud	the shape	of boys
somewhere becoming rain becoming somewhere
desert twilight	a map with many creases	nailed to a cross
we huddle	over mothers open grave	lawless winter
a long bus ride	the prophetic language	of the stops
navajo moon	the coyote call	not a coyote
deleting words	from the eulogy	falling leaves
mark smith
calla lily	the soundof a ladder	lengthening
tasting the well	in the water	summer stars
mothers day	the expiration date	on wildflower seeds
northern lights . . .	the scratchy play	of seventy-eights
a recurring escape from my fathers dream
the big dipper	no matter where i stand	mountain sky
summer passing	the yard flamingos	rusty legs
glint of sunlight:	the respirator carries on	alone
all souls day...	my name called	from the front gate
autumn	an empty booster seat	in the barber's window
hunter's cabin:	of the woods	not of it
end of the walk	returning the crow's feather	where i found it
cafe for sale	outdoor tables rusting	into autumn
day lilies	another death date added	to the family tree
the house finch	has a song for it,	morning after snow
crescent moon	a bone carver sings	to his ancestor
close enough to touch	i let the junco lead me	away from its nest
blowing leaves	tempt the old cat,	but not enough
ancient mountains . . .	runners clearing hurdles	on the practice field
thanksgiving	fifteen minutes	of mince pie
blossoms . . .	the babys bare feet	pedal the air
butterfly	my attention	attention span
one moth	a thousand candles	light the darkness
trails end	my pebble	settles the cairn
family reunion	some of the beached kelp	in knots
a jar of pennies	on the lemonade stand	evening cool
lightning . . .	the scarecrow's coat sleeve	caught in mid-wave
summer's end	the hammock turned in	on itself
charcoal alley	children flick marbles	into the light
season of lights	the postman	leans to the wind
having no thought	we've come to see them	dogwoods in bloom
third place: ($50)	c. r. manley		turning tide	placing intact clams	back in the water
mallard pair	he rocks	on her wake
filtering in	with the night air	a skunk's warning
stone in my pocket	the brook cuts deeper	into the mountain
a bee chose	the rose i meant to pluck . . .	empty vase
soba noodles . . .	the new year	slips in
hazy dusk . . .	no one bothered to plow	the graveyard road
child's wake	the weight	of rain
gunshot the length of the lake
a stick caught	on the lip of the dam	winter's end
summer stars . . .	the old violin goes	to the highest bidder
winter drags on . . .	i squeeze the last drops	from a teabag
distant thunder	a titmouse gives one chirp	and falls silent
alzheimer's birthday	each slice of the cake	takes part of her name
march winds	a decade has passed	by your grave
indian summer	a spent salmon	washes ashore
after the funeral	whiskers still	in his razor
the page-finders	of my fathers daily missal	losing their colors
first buds of spring	i change the washers setting	to delicate
among the gravestones	with names worn away	children play hide n seek
whalebone	from a beach near savoonga	winter rain
all saints morning	a path	of trodden leaves
cremated	in her favorite kimono	small green plums
spring rain	the gravedigger latches the door	of his backhoe
spring rain the cat's pink nipples
loon calls	my daughter drawing circles	near the fire
summer evening	from across the meadow	a call to supper
shivering on the roof	i rub my palms together	meteor shower
ocean breeze	a strand of seaweed	steadies the kite
autumn rose	even as i sketch the wind	more petals fall
humid july	from the stove the smell	of old fires
the wind of autumn	a homeless man warms himself	hand to mouth
broken easel	the front yard blue	with wildflowers
heat waves	the hitchhiker shifts her child	to the other hip
land's end	sand in each bite	of my apple
indian summer	a fish slips through	the gill net
her 18th birthday	for the first time she notices	my silences
spring sunshine	the climbing ivy	filled with sparrows
meteor shower	a gentle wave	wets our sandals
mountain hike	we drink from the beginning	of a great river
spring sun	high in his arms	the newborn is shown
snail	to know	its heart beats too
lethal injection	unable to shut	the blind dog's eyes
end of summer	the shape of his feet	in his sneakers
geronimo's grave	someone has left	plastic flowers
new in town	the scent	of unknown flowers
foghorns . . .	we lower a kayak	into the sound
catalog time	the garden begins	without a seed
new butterfly . . .	folded wings	lean into the wind
morning overcast	a few seeds still dangle	from the dandelion
break up	i leave behind	her butterfly net
walking home barefoot,	we enter the shadow	of the hill
autumn evening . . .	a page of the old book	separates from the spine
funeral procession . . .	snowflakes blowing	into the headlights
autumn evening	my hospital window	becomes a mirror
storm clouds	the cry of a shearwater	circles the sky
late into the night	we talk of revelations	moon through the pines
the kettle whistles . . .	a blur of garden color	on the window
winter beach	a piece of driftwood	charred at one end
riveredge old growth:	a towering window	of stars
i'm caught in it too	the blossom-loosening wind
over the railroad tracks	the slow motion	of a snake
the beetle i righted	flies straight into	a cobweb
leaf in my palm	its stem extends	my lifeline
about the tree	over my small son's grave	tell me
musty smell	forgotten . . . deep	into the text
that venus!	leading the cupped moon	through every turn of the road
"grabs" and "opens"	the fist	sowing seeds
the river	coming to it with nothing	in my hands
deep silence	the orphaned nestlings	this third morning
summer solstice	the long tips of lavender	bent by bees
snowbound	coloring inside	the lines
the dumproad pond	tadpoles exit	a birdhouse
still sun-warmed . . .	the pulled-out scarecrow	in my arms
changing the swallowtail	changed by it	the spring wind
letting the branch go	a shower of petals falls	on the old woman
toll booth lit for christmas	from my hand to hers	warm change
winter seclusion	tending all day	the small fire
on the path	only one of us	touched by a falling leaf
winter, bedtime	static flickers	through a white sleeve
warm river	up to our necks	in sunset
beneath the ice	the waterfall	still falling
old garden chair	sagging with the weight	of a single leaf.
after the stroke. . .	watching only the half of your face	that smiles
city window	mountains and pines	etched in frost
autumn deepens	an empty snail shell	explored by an ant
early morning sun	scattered on the table	several grains of salt
snowflakes	no one will miss	melt in her hand
bright leaves	blow through	her dream house
scattering his ashes	the moon	in bits and pieces
on the river	of many names, one cloud	floating
learning too late	he didn't like bubinga wood	sun strikes the urn
the war memorial	migrating butterflies	cover the names
falling leaves	the house comes	out of the wood
leaving you	fog on either side	of the white heron
below zero	all curled up in the woodpile	the skin of a snake
deep winter.	the armload of firewood	chills the kitchen
mourning dove calls . . .	my elderly neighbor stills	the sound of her hoeing
august morning	a window washer wiping dust	from his sunglasses
snowmelt . . .	she enters	the earth on her knees
an old woolen sweater	taken yarn by yarn	from the snowbank
a white horse	drinks from the acequia	blossoming locust
sunlight shines red	through my father's thumb	on the steering wheel
two women crying	one giving birth	the other being born
approaching the family plot . . .	my furled umbrella	turns into a cane.
chernobyl victim	fingers pressing the plastic	to his wife's caress
cloud shadow	long enough to close	the poppies
the thick clang	of a cowbell	the sun deepens
roses	in the smaller room	more fragrant
ninety winters	spellbound	again
silent cathedral	stained-glass apostles	dimming with dusk
up the path	to touch that one oak	in last night's dream
dry leaves	the old archer	curves his eyebrow
soft rain	the new grave	looks old
morning sneeze	the guitar in the corner	resonates
dusk	a lone car going the same way	as the river
first days of summer . . .	already the leaves gather	beneath the sycamores
fall leaves the trees the winter sky
so many ways	within the waterfall	for water to fall
after the rain	on my vegetable patch	a new crop of stones
frozen in mud	by the vacant shanty:	lottery ticket
the potter's hands	gently shape the vase	out of himself
watermelon rind,	sitting in its own juice	the summer sun
figure drawing class	in the model's deepest shadows	a stark white string
ebb tide . . .	a little sea	in the shell
watching rain	pouring down . . . pouring down	just watching
abandoned store	large sign reading	we never close
a single strand	of spider silk	stops her
endlessly becoming,	clouds
mime	lifting	fog
taking time . . .	listening	to the grocery clerk
in the yukon	sleeping with one eye shut	the summer night
in soap bubbles	again and again	his face is broken
yard sale,	sunlight filling	mason jars
leaving home . . .	the smell of smoke	from old brick chimneys
frozen pond	white antlers rise	through the ice
june night	my mother alone with	her cancer
at dinner	biting into the roast beef . . .	the butcher's thumb nail
phoning the neighbors	their real voices	through the open window
repeating the lecture	his eyes following	the window-cleaner's blade
tools rusting	unused on the work bench	a faucet dripping
full moon		peering into	the half-built house
dusk	drawing the pond's depth	to the surface
old woman, wrapping	her cat's gifts	centering the bows
on the way to work	a hot air balloon	up in the mist
this heat;	the dog's tail	the only breeze
light	up under the gull's wing:	sunrise
second husband	painting the fence	the same green
such coolness	the snail stretches	its neck
the one legged bird	that deep bend before	taking off
bird song	lost	in bird song
walking in on her	dead eyes reflecting	snowfall
in the sea	the fireworks	rising
bird feeder untouched . . .		alone again
circling each thigh	cool	of the night river
small child	afraid to throw away	his church bulletin
in utter stillness	the incense	changes direction
early spring sun	the spinster combs out her hair	for nesting birds
canyon:	at the very edge	riversound
out of its slipper	her bare foot talking	under the table
burial prayers	grandson playing hide and seek	behind the stones
between the fireflies	the changing shape of darkness
my father's hammer	warm again	in my hand
under trees and sky	the baby studies	her hands
migrating geese	once there was so much	to say
sound of her voice	carrying eggs	across the ice
moving	with the clock tower's shadow	the flower lady
heart drawn in dust	by the old indian . . .	rain
whispered dusk	a fox picks its way	across the ice
mist	lifting	the loon's cry
snowman's eye	sinking in	the spring rain
autumn afternoon:	i stand on the shadow	of the sparrow
ten below zero:	man and boy walk through their breath	to read old tombstones
hot wind	the roadrunner's beak	opens and closes
blackbirds descend	through the floaters	in this eye
the old man	closes the shadow	in his hand
spring drizzle	rounding the thorn	a drop of light
horizon	wild swan drifting through	the woman's body
deserted wharf	the mime bows	to the moon
a spider's web	across the windharp	the silence
under the back steps	catfish still flop in the pail	the long august night
horns fold	at my shadow's touch;	brown slug
early april rain	that woman fills every jar,	seals them forever
dead mynah bird . . .	with each passing car	its wing flaps
picking cotton	the memory	of birdtracks in the snow
old tea bag;	tints the moon	slightly
blackened walnut	left unopened	winter solstice
distant woodchopper	inside the cabin	axbite echoes
the grey cranes at dusk	bending in a line along	the crooked fenceposts
checking for water	the woman finds a full moon	trapped in the cistern
old woman,	rain in the eye	of her needle
the path shorter now,	underfoot the crumbling leaves;	the child runs ahead
cry of the peacock widens the crack in the adobe wall
fields of snow	not only moonlight	but the moon
cold morning sea	an old man towels	himself in the sunlight
fields of corn stretching	as far as the eye can see	within a lost child
crossing the bright sky	of a near-sighted swimmer,	the song of a bird
and yet	perishable is flesh	a mountain plum
what thing cries out	deep inside us	cooking the turtle?
lights out	. . . the firefly	inside
the wind	somewhere else	bird tracks in a light snow
apples cooking:	in the aroma	pictures of my mother canning
dawn	another parting	with the moon
back and forth goldfish hot & humid afternoon
the child	points at the moon	and says, "bird"
one seagull	on a shaft of air;	dawn
lean man	carving	the tree's dream.
morning-glory folds into herself into her folds
from behind me	the shadow of the ticket-taker	comes down the aisle
walking to work		pages lap at your feet	the quick eye holds up the news to the day
part of a dog	walking by upside down	in the roadside puddle
where the ripple was	the fisherman casts his line;	another ripple
quiet strokes	of night swimmer: the slap	of beaver tails . . .
never expecting	the lilies in november	nor the small coffin
the room's smallness	fills with light	this morning of snow
the way of the conch	blueing in the sea, and	echoing in the wind
leaving all the morning glories closed
old frog	up to his ears	in moonlight
reaching into sky	the girl breaks the wish	bone of geese
in a dark bag	onions	sprouting
still lake	a hawk makes off	with its image
skiers!	standing	on the wind
night crossing	tijuana border guard	in sunglasses
small town	the same dream	as last night
half-empty cup	i decide ive had enough	of you
middle age	in the mirror	the turn toward it
wedding day	the time he takes	to knot the tie
stick figures	including one	i recognize
boy girl party	the slow speed	of the blender
life and death decisions	the need to feel	the satin lining
perfect storm the perfume not hers
phantom pain	the shape of her	in a stranger
death watch	she dies peacefully	in their sleep
rain gauge	the pastor talks	about grief
waiting room	a fly climbs the stairs	on an escher print
my third glass of wine	the mosquito	comes back for seconds
philosophy class	i talk myself	into a corner
old faithful	the crowd arrives	right on time
undressing the summer wind turns color
father's day--	a potato	without a face
stirring my coffee	every which way	flamenco
a watermelon smile drips off the end of my elbows
trick-or-treat	a sailboat's name	reflects in the sea
martin luther king day	i readjust	my rear-view mirror
my skeleton	going for a walk	in the cemetery
mother's day	she puts me	on hold
the stylist	rinses away	the sound of her voice
their first thanksgiving	posing together	with the turkey
graduation day	in the gait of our son	your younger strid
kona wind	an ocean between me	and my worries
new bride	the squeak of her	sweet corn being shucked
old timers' game	seventh inning stretch	the creaking of knees
street corner memorial	my four-year old	asks for the balloon
busy italian restaurant	happy birthday	sung to the wrong table
tokyo vending machine	the long line	behind the foreigner
old palm reader . . .	my life line	her longest yet
engagement ring	he decides	it looks real enough
parade march	the old vet with canes	refuses to ride
first day of school	her brother's backpack	with legs
inviting aromas . . .	the hostess asks	will it just be me
our pilot hopes	to see us again real soon	the intercom clicks
candlelight dinner	she fingers the rose	to see it it's real
stale cookie	i give away	the fortune
wrong date	the thickening skin	on her latte
a new boyfriend	the same lingerie	enticing again
feeling the shape	of the wrapped gift	i put on a polite face
first date	the little pile	of anchovies
mistaking telephone	for doorbell	i let loneliness in
arguing	a deaf man grabs	the other's hands
crossing the hopscotch	two old women	avoid the lines
dentist's obituary	common interests	we could never talk about
as if it were spring	the green mold	on the cheese
psychic fair	she brushes some dirt	from the cards
centerfold:	the model's navel	off-center
day moon	a fresh tattoo rises	out of her jeans
independence day	i struggle to free myself	from a wet swim suit
fresh blueberries	a 'gothic' teenager	darkens her lips
switchbacks	five or six cub scouts	an octave higher
my father and i	paint the barn	compare wars
picnic	in the sun-dappled courtyard	my freckled banana
in the dream	my dog has a whistle	only i can hear
rodeo cowboy	hopefully clutching	a handful of sky
two-way glass	the patient waits inside	the therapist's reflection
rush hour	the blonde in the porsche peels	an orange
scar on her cheek	she gets her lipstick	just right
grocery shopping	his python tattoo	squeezes the charmin
on display:	her small and firm	opinion of men
conservatory,	the carnivorous plants	behind glass
grinding sausage meat	she recounts the times	her husband cheated
aftershock	the picture on the wall	straightens
in the middle	of making love	counting syllables
nudist camp	where to begin	with the sunblock
clothesline	the shirt shows off	its biceps
open mike night	the audience	goes dead
getting acquainted	i learn another name	for wild radish
divorced	she cleans the ring	around the tub
after lovemaking	returning	to ourselves
nest of black hair	secured with ball-point pens	office geisha
naked at the ironing board	concentrating	on a crease
round and round	debating	circumcision
freezing wind	the body builder pumps gas	in a muscle shirt
werewolf movie	at the commercial	letting the dog out
winter rain	holding the umbrella	over the dachshundpissing
the clerks lip ring	i forget	what i wanted
in the midway sun	corn on the cob customers	grinning ear to ear
school library	such quiet	books
at the fence	they sit on their tractors	talking hay
three surgeons	five nurses	wrong leg
full moon	i iron a wrinkle	into his pants
valentines day	she reminds me	to fasten my seatbelt
before the guests arrive	i straighten	the straight cushions
a lull in her hands	the hairstylist asks	how i part my hair
in one room	everything she has	and a window
floating	in the dishwater	a pair of chopsticks
serious	she takes off her sunglasses	to speak english
nude beach	an empty bikini	turns me on
dropping valentine chocolates	he quickly swaps them	for another box
leaning back	in their chairs	old friends reunited
saving her best dishes	for a better day	my eighty year old mother
fireflies	my neighbor	has more
blowing out	one birthday candle:	the whole family
just married	the attendant	pumping too much gas
family reunion	everywhere i look	my old nose
identical twins	their hair neatly parted	on opposite sides
at the flea market	looking through books	i gave away
nightfall	the zookeeper	lets himself out
tourist town	postcards of the waterfall	racked upside down
carrying their canes	two old women lean	on each other
first date	in the parking lot	our car doors touch
parents coaxing	baby to eat	mouths wide open
handsome vendor	my name	on a grain of rice
driving lesson done	father and daughter run	fingers through their hair
naked	on the bathroom scales	stomach held in
reconciliation	the candle between us	sputters
his ashes scattered	what to do	with the box
nude beach	his enormous	sand castle
letting the dog out	letting the dog in	wrong dog
a gusting breeze	the comet wobbles	in my binoculars
long walk home	kicking a stone	for company
christmas day	the exchange	of custody
honeymoon trip	he refuses to stop	for directions
clicking off the late movie . . .	the couch cushion	reinflates
opening night . . .	missing the entrance	of the night blooming cereus
forgetting his underwear	the one with so many	frequent flier miles
summer concert	fanning myself faster	during the scherzo
overmatched boxer	his eyes closed	before the fight
yard sale:	she takes the baby crib	back into the house
his toe	answers mine	a truce begin
making sure	nothing grows	the rock gardener
too quick to reply	cutting my tongue	on the envelope
grandfathers funeral	cousin kate, air kissing,	spies a mirror, checks her makeup.
in a semi circle	retired sisters watch	wheel of fortune
dissatisfied	with her virgo horoscope	she tries pisces
first time	at the zoo my son	watches the people
antiquities room	the curator asks	so whats new?
meeting her boyfriend	our handshake	out of synch
from the holy land	he sends a postcard of cracks	two thousand hears old
polaroid of her lover	coming clearer	with time
visitors day	buttons just right	her dress inside out
blueberries	we show each other	our tongues
battered child	. . . kicking the swing	higher
a pause in the lecture	all at once three students	cross their legs
cropped grass	r2 =	the tethered goat
whacking the bat	with a broom, she says	they attack people
clear about	everything	the window washer
dining out	next to the window	her coat
late spring blossoms	the silhouette artist facing	another ponytail
balloon man	selling pins	for popping
on the same bus	the same strangers	as yesterday
new neighbor	eyeing the worn path	between our houses
a man swept by	in a wave rising, falling	sees us see him drown
fingering my tattoo	granddaughter asks	when she can have numbers
the words unspoken . . .	waiting for the toast	to pop up
drilling deeper	my dentist talks me into	amnesty international
methodical husband:	on his list of chores, she finds	her name
running down	fight illiteracy	the gangs red paint
drunken sailor	loses both shoes	tying one on
eating alone	my alphabet soup	speaks to me
lunch	with her lovers wife	leftovers
hole in the ozone	my bald spot . . .	sunburned
after kindling	his passion . . .	she lights his cigarette
nurses station	above the heart monitors	a soap opera
how desirable	in the thrift shop window	my old mag johng set
hopscotch	a one legged man	raises cane
young lawyer	his briefs	in the snow
in his mothers house	he walks into the cobweb	she underlooked
feel the warmth of	bashos frogpond	just xeroxed
behind shadow proof blinds	the calligraphers	word processor
spring rain	milk in her left breast	unexpectedly sweeter
spring evening	the children's promise	not to get cold
jackknifed rig	the trooper waves us	into wildflowers
the numbness	of scar tissue	forsythia
autumn wind	in his sweater pocket	the missing button
squash vines	long and hollow	the last late evenings
dim light	the night nurse	describes the rain
late summer	black men spreading tar	on the side road
knowing your cough	but not your face	invalid neighbor
spring plowing	a flock of blackbirds	turns inside out
squash vines	long and hollow	the last late evenings
dusk	up to my ears	in birdsong
all around	light falling in a field	of fireflies
independence day	i let him touch	a little bit of me
snake hunting the boy sheds his shirt
whistling	he	hangs	the	birdhouse	he	built
summer evening	fanning myself	with a paper moon
close lightning	the metallic taste	in my mouth
garden work	talking to each other	back to back
dry heat	to the same withered flower	a bee returns
starry night	biting into a melon	full of seeds
i brush	my mothers hair	the sparks
snowflakes glued	to the kindergarten window	no two alike
undefended:	in the cold rain	their snow fort
faint city stars 	the moths copper dust	in my palm
fathers funeral	mother	suddenly small
porch swing	now and then a breeze	from the river
january thaw	the narrow path	fading away
spring planting	her refusal	to compromise
logging road	the pileated woodpecker	flings its cry ahead
ill again	a dry leaf	across porch boards
leaving the park	glimpses of cherry petals	on the soles of shoes
lily pond	with one step the snowy egret	moves the moon
the white v of a killdeers wings	opening in the wake	of its cry
snow	softening	the night
a pile of rocks	shifting in spring rain	the stiff old man
getting louder	the calf	the auctioneer
bird shadow	from tree shadow	to fence shadow
i climb the mountain with my eyes never ending snow
the petals scatter	over graves swept	and unswept
a single leaf falling	and with it	the morning dew
mountain rose	from thorn to thorn	a spiders line
coming out of the woods	the sound of crickets,	the empty sky
an old woman with bread	waves the geese down	from the sky.
over the earths edge	they all gothe white clouds	and the one sailboat
long beards longer	black clothes darker	under july sun
amish gentleman's	warm smile brief . . .	my skirt long and plain
an amish grin	as he cycles past	the station selling gas
the gloom within	a handcrafts store . . .	dolls with missing faces
facing mirrors	long-skirted woman	and her amish child
music on the wind	an amish foot softly taps	and abruptly stops
late night camp . . .	now a gentle lullaby	horse hooves heading home
falling leaves	day by day	the house grows brighter
darkening path	the white morning glories	lead the way
in a backyard	two women folding sunlight	into sheets
late autumn	the billboard's shadow leans	into the woods
from the stream	two mallards fly straight up	through falling leaves
new year's eve blizzard	a neon beer-sign glows	behind the steamed window
spring breeze	the woods road is still wet	under the pines
the old watering can	hangs one more rainbow	among the roses
the evening paper	on the darkening lawn	first star
a letter stuck	in the 11th floor mail chute	summer night
the blues singer	tells how bad it is	then the sax tells you too
quiet afternoon	in the meadow, one daisy	leans on another
at the end of a tunnel in the clouds	a sunlit billow
crossing the tracks	at twilight	the autumn wind
chilly sunrise	a strip of bark flutters	on the lake-side birch
twiddling my thumbs	the sun goes down,	the moon comes up
winter drizzle	unloading a crate of live ducks	behind the chinatown restaurant
snow melts by the hardware counter	the squares of color	in the paint catalog
in the mirrors on her dress	little pieces of my	self
a few blocks	from the street festival	the evening quiet
at the pow-wow	they pass out ordinary saltines	for the ceremony
while his passengers sleep,	the bus driver watches dawn	break
by the lawn's edge,	the dog barks at the darkness	then looks back at me
dead end	a few leaves circle	in the headlights
late at night	a woman alone in the restaurant	addressing christmas cards
snowy morning	the barber appears	in his mirrors
moonrise	the columbine still	swinging
changing pitchers	the base-runner looks up	at a passing cloud
in the subway	the young conductor cues	imaginary oboes
climbing the stairs	more slowly	autumn evening
the frozen puddle	kids slide over a pattern	of red leaves
snow drifts	above the bear's den	starry night
cold spring rain	a piece of grass sticks out of the birdhouse
up in the sky	hardly heard, hardly seen:	migrating birds
sundawn	a flutter of mourning doves,	& poised, light-bathed, one faun	nearby, a bell tolls changes
mapletree buds,	their small shadows	in water-glazed mud	nearby, a bell tolls changes
white lilac	fragrantly exuberant	beside the porchdeck	nearby, a bell tolls changes
putting down a book	to listen to the god	in the half-cleared brook	nearby, a bell tolls changes
high noon	straight-up trunks of poplars shadowless	a foreshadowing ... soon, soon?	nearby, a bell tolls changes
watching a program	on brazils rain forests,	anger poisons calm	nearby, a bell tolls changes
on the grass	two pitched-from-a-car beer cans.	unthinking ass!	nearby, a bell tolls changes
a cardinal's song	blends with the brilliant sunset.	surely, nothing's wrong?	nearby, a bell tolls changes
cicadas at dusk	seventeen years hence, shall we see	substance or husk?	nearby, a bell tolls changes
in moonlight	swish of owl wings, this heartstab:	glitter can gloss blight	nearby, a bell tolls changes
first spring day	melting and melting and melting	tracks of the mountain man.
night storm 	a deeper dark unrolls	across the prairie
removing her wedding ring	she brushes t along	her husband's name
woman touches a name	while looking at	an old photo
elderly couple	their faces reflected	over their son's name
man in a filthy army jacket	tries to scratch on	his name
anzio beach 	another wave gathers	and breaks
how many dew drops make up these walls?
on razor wire	squats a crow	winter night
the guards in their towers:	silk worms in cocoons of light
black-uniformed winter fly	greeting me	behind bullet-proof glass
walls of ice	deep in forests	frozen frogponds
my silver shackles	gossamer threads	under these stars
old guard escorting me	coughing like bullfrog	cigarette smoke for breath
prison cat in shadows	stalking the shaft of searchlight
capturing snowflake fireflies with my tongue
beating time with nightstick,	cricket sound	while i urinate
oh, winter moon,	what have you done now	keep-locked with the mountains?
a thousand temple bells	the noise of the cell block
suddenly they all look like green bullfrogs!
decorating my cell again	i notice roommate	a silverfish on my pillow
from out of hendersons haiku,	my old wifes photograph:	cells doors automatically locking.
soothing rain:	the mown meadow releases	pungence of mint
butterfly shadows 	not finding	the butterfly
abandoned farmhouse:	bird nest in the mail box	also deserted
abandoned farmhouse:	wallpaper peeling back to	my childhood
abandoned farmhouse:	something scratching	inside the furnace
abandoned farmhouse:	the quiet bedroom where i	feared the dark
abandoned farmhouse: a	yellowed grocery list taped	to the counter top
abandoned farmhouse: a	moth flies out of the water	faucet
abandoned farmhouse:	my daughter	snaps pictures of our visit
into old pots and pans	thrown out in the backyard	the musical rain
here & there	in bare treetops	mistletoe
in a shabby motel	all night	treefrogs in rain
cottonmouths	in the swamp ...	a house on stilts
**
family get-together	all the eyes all the feelers	all the hands tearing shrimp
morning in the french quarter	caf au lait &	beignets with sparrows
the river wind blows	into the quarter	& through his saxophone
on the riverfront	a stranger	takes my smile
the breeze	off the mississippi	fills my skirt
behind grillwork	down darkness to sun	in a hidden courtyard
cool the alley	through the grillwork swirls	cat pee smell
in the morning shops	half the doorways	fill with shade
all the mardi gras colors	in the masks	in the houses
on the iron lace balconies	only flowers	sunning
from the suite dusk	fills in the river	& all the tiny lights are slow
**
huge limbs of the live oak	their reaching out	over the young grass
in a pecan grove	wandering spring shadows	cows & blackbirds
parked on the runway	its wings drooped a b-52	the winter sun
the slow day ...	in the empty motel corridor	a stack of dirty dishes
sundown in the empty bar	the player-piano keys	begin
the big waitress departs	the china teapot	shakes
january sun ...	the cotton fields	dotted with leftovers
longest night	his forehead burning	into my hand
what passion	you had, akiko	where can i put	even an inch	of tonight's anguish!
sucking	chocolate squares	oh, it's a lonely beginning	this first night of return	to japan
under this basholess	pre-dawn sky	how rough	the angle of loneliness	along this eastern sea
bent	like a puzzle	in a child's hand,	that back before me	in the pre-dawn dark
is it a walking	umbrella?	immense the black	over that bent-against-the-wind	angle of loneliness
a crane	skipping before me	on this seaside road,	its leg	a karate lift?
i hug	the boy to me	how brave he was to point and say	this is a pencil	this is a cup
on my office couch	i lean back,	back,	this nescafe's	the length of my desire
in this bare	late-afternoon life	i make	my bare dinner	and set out fork and knife
wanting	to embrace	even a sleeve	tonight's	lonely angle
gone from the wood	the bird i knew	by song alone
on lookout rock	one step	to the red hawk
i	a red shaft of light	dances on your moist eyelids:	the searing morning.
ii	frog mountain rises	to arch its back in the clouds:	unforeseen downpour.
iii	three men and three birds	stand still in the forest, all	surprised by rain.
iv	rain like the deluge:	a mudspattered apache	sings in cibecue.
v	the day hides itself	within a grove of aspen.	thunder pursues it.
vi	uprooted clouds:	summer holds the pale mountains,	calls down the clear night.
cajun cabin 	the aroma of hot gumbo	floats on the bayou
gunshot!	the tide of gulls breaks	like a scattering wave
gathering silence	in my mind is	the hardest thing to do
against the wind's chill	i button my sweater	feet dug in sand
the sun slips low	a carnelian red paving	the water with dark light
how many wanderers	have followed the sun	down?
(the girl with the soul	of a gull	never came back)
questions	purl like schools of fish	in dangerous waters
questions	without breath without answers	a broken shell
on the cardboard box	holding the frozen wino:	fragile: do not crush
from the fire escape	the cry of the mourning dove	wintering over
new condominium	its exhaust grate claimed by	a new derelict
wind chill minus five	the piercing whistles	of the starlings
the young mother	stoops to warm the child's mittens	between her gloves
between lace curtains	the white cat's eyes	follow a snowflake
a crow flies down	to land in the new snow	its voice ringing
madison avenue	a row of ginkgoes mulched	with old xmas trees
suet on a string	suspended from a snowy branch	three sparrows make it spin
in the shadow of	office buildings, bagpiper's	amazing grace
last nights fading dream 	on the blue teapot birds drift	beyond the willows
under cloudless skies;	nuclear resister jailed	missiles free to fly
april sun slanting	across the exercise yard	jail-bar shadows
basketball stops	in the exercise yard	convicts shoot the breeze
this heat!	snow-clad mountains framed	by my jail cell window
little ladybug	caught after visiting hours:	doing jail time, too
starting a new month	in snohomish county jail;	same old tea bag
chilly june morning	in a spider web	the jailhouse fly hangs
sixty day jail term	as it grows shorter	my growing beard
a swallowtail	settles	on the prize-winning quilt
summer afternoon	the priest takes a blue pencil	from the blind man
coming up through	a gap in the city bridge. .	a checkerspot butterfly
backfire	a checkerspot in its sound	shifts direction
dog coming out	with the cathedral crowd. .	tail upward
half way home	pole shadows reach across	the widening road
train whistle	two jets wrap the sky	with mist
a block from home	a pair of rain drops find	my haiku notes
snow geese	sarah discovers	the letter v
suddenly	twenty years later	you taste the same
through two marriages	framed behind beethoven	your picture
talking with him	i taste you	in the tea you serve
on your porch	only the breeze	moves between us
in the dark car	the scent of you	and the rainy fields
juice from the apple	runs into my beard	as i wait for you
in the mirror	the only picture	of us together
your perfume	looking up startled	at a stranger
in the cold fireplace	my last letter	burning
still in the taste	of afternoon tea,	my grandmothers brogue
a horse-drawn plow:	sunflowers stand	in the traces
eaves	pulling sound	from the wind
walking alone	the way oak leaves	refuse to fall
a steady rain	the dentists drill	turning to snow
top of the falls	your voice somewhere	in its sound
the worm	far out on this paved lot	more rain
autumn dusk the crooked road home
winter morning	the closet dark with	old shoes
the family gathered	a tear of embalming fluid runs	from my brothers eye
a moth flies	through my breath	in moonlight
bitter wind 	the hand that cups the flame	aglow
the sound of scissors	through quilt stuffing:	chill autumn moon
autumn maple	a gust of yellow scatters	the childs laughter
autumn sky	the wind folds and unfolds	a flock of sparrows
moving into the sun	the pony takes with him	some mountain shadow
paddling slowly	through the reeds	that touch her hair
the old woman	looking into the stars	sky all snowy
against his coat	i brush my lips	the silence of snowflakes
away from eyes	the stairwell holds	us in its arms
that sonofabitch	on the corner has a knife	the rain glistens on it
still	childless:	milkweed
winters end	a bitterness remaining	in the dried apricots
the old garden fence	now keeps the goldenrod	from the goldenrod
thin icicles	on the telephone wire	her distant voice
hoping the shape	of the navel will be good	father cuts the cord
one cricket sound and silence lighting the autumn garden
hot rock by the stream	each of the babys toeprints	evaporating
switching off the light	switching off the shadows
in these dark   waters   drawn up from   my frozen well ...   glittering of spring
standing still   at dusk   listen ... in far   distances   the song of froglings!
i dreamed of   battles   and was slain...   oh savage samurai!   insatiable fleas!
in silent   mid-night   our old scarecrow   topples down...   weird hollow echo
women planting   rice...   ugly every bit   about them...   but their ancient song
wild geese write   a line   flap-flapping   across the sky ...   comical dutch script
dead my old   fine hopes   and dry my dreaming   but still...   iris, blue each spring
in this windy   nest   open your hungry   mouth in vain...   issa, stepchild bird
ballet in the   air ...   twin butterflies   until, twice white   they meet, they mate
on the death   of his child   dew evaporates   and all our world   is dew ... so dear,   so fresh, so fleeting
black cloudbank   broken   scatters in the   night ... now see   moon-lighted mountains!
seek on high   bare trails   sky-reflecting   violets...   mountain-top jewels
for a lovely   bowl   let us arrange these   flowers...   since there is no rice
now that eyes   of hawks   in dusky night   are darkened...   chirping of the quails
my two plum   trees are   so gracious ...   see, they flower   one now, one later
one fallen   flower   returning to the   branch? ... oh no!   a white butterfly
cloudbank   curling low?   ah! the mountain   yoshino ...   cherry cumulus!
fie! this   fickle world!   three days, neglected   cherry-branch ...   and you are bare
hanging the   lantern   on that full white   blooming bough...   exquisite your care!
april's air   stirs in   willow-leaves ...   a butterfly   floats and balances
in the sea-surf   edge   mingling with   bright small shells ..   bush-clover petals
the river   gathering may rains   from cold streamlets   for the sea ...   murmuring mogami
a gate made all   of twigs   with woven grass   for hinges ...   for a lock ... this snail
wind-blown,   rained on ...   bent barley-grass   you make me   narrow path indeed
arise from sleep,   old cat,   and with great yawns   and stretchings ...   amble out for love
white cloud of   mist   above white   cherry-blossoms ...   dawn-shining mountains
hi! my little   hut   is newly-thatched   i see...   blue morning-glories
in the city   fields   contemplating   cherry-trees ...   strangers are like friends
see, see, see!   oh see!   oh what to say?   ah yoshino ...   mountain-all-abloom!
green   shadow-dances ...   see our young   banana-tree   pattering the screen
don't touch my   plumtree!   said my friend   and saying so ...   broke the branch for me
twilight   whippoorwill ...   whistle on,   sweet deepener   of dark loneliness
reciting   scriptures...   strange the   wondrous blue i find   in morning-glories
many solemn   nights   blond moon, we stand   and marvel...   sleeping our noons away
mountain-rose   petals   falling, falling,   falling now ...   waterfall music
amorous cat,   alas   you too must yowl   with your love...   or even worse, without!
the laden wagon   runs   bumbling and creaking   down the road...   three peonies tremble
ah me! i am one   who spends his little   breakfast   morning-glory gazing
my good father   raged   when i snapped   the peony...   precious memory!
by that fallen   house   the pear-tree stands   full-blooming ...   an ancient battle-site
in the open   shop   paperweights on   picture books...   young springtime breeze
dim the grey   cow comes   mooing mooing   and mooing   out of the morning mist
take the round   flat moon   snap this twig   for handle...   what a pretty fan!
seas are wild   tonight...   stretching over   sado island   silent clouds of stars
why so scrawny,   cat?   starving for fat fish   or mice ...   or backyard love?
dewdrop, let me   cleanse   in your brief   sweet waters ...   these dark hands of life
lightning   flash, crash...   waiting in the   bamboo grove   see three dew-drops fall
ashes my burnt   hut ...   but wonderful   the cherry   blooming on my hill
life? butterfly   on a swaying grass   that's all ...   but exquisite!
glorious the   moon...   therefore our thanks   dark clouds   come to rest our necks
what a peony...   demanding to be   measured   by my little fan!
under   cherry-trees   soup, the salad,   fish and all ...   seasoned with petals
now from   cherry-trees ...   millions of maidens   flying   fierce war-lord storm
moon so bright   for love!   come closer, quilt...   enfold   my passionate cold!
too curious   flower   watching us pass,   met death...   our hungry donkey
cloud of   cherry-bloom ...   tolling twilight   bell ... temple   ueno? asakura?
must springtime   fade?   then cry all birds ...   and fishes'   cold pale eyes pour tears
a nursemaid   scarecrow...   frightening the   wind and sun   from playing baby
on her dead son   in what windy land   wanders now   my little dear   dragonfly hunter?
a saddening   world:   flowers whose sweet   blooms must fall...   as we too, alas...
describe   plum-blossoms?   better than my   verses ... white   wordless butterflies
lend me water please?   some fresh young   morning-glory,   careless ... took my well
a young sister   pitiful ... on my   outstretched palm   at dusk dies   the little firefly
you stupid   scarecrow!   under your very   stick-feet   birds are stealing beans!
afternoon   shower...   walking and talking   in the street:   umbrella and raincoat!
in the farther   field   a scarecrow kept me   company ...   walking as i walked
pretty   butterflies...   be careful of   pine-needle points   in this gusty wind!
ah, unrequited   love!   now elevate your chin   and keen   tom-cat, to the moon!
hi! kids   mimicking   cormorants ... you are   more like   real cormorants than   they!
buzzing the bee   trades   peony for peony   with the butterfly
such utter   silence!   even the crickets   singing...   muffled by hot rocks
far across low   mist   intermittently   the lake   lifts a snow-white sail
a white swan   swimming ...   parting with her   unmoved breast   cherry-petaled pond
for a cool   evening   i hired the   old temple porch ...   penny in the dish
quite a hundred   gourds   sprouting from   the fertile soul...   of a single vine
swallow in the   dusk...   spare my little   buzzing friends   among the flowers
old dark sleepy   pool...   quick unexpected   frog   goes plop! watersplash!
my shadowy path   i've swept all day   and now ... oh no!   camellia-shower!
hard the   beggar's bed ...   but sociable   and busy   with insect-talking
come come! come   out!   from bogs old frogs   command the dark   and look ... the stars!
over the   mountain   bright the full white   moon now smiles...   on the flower-thief
starting to   call you:   come watch   these butterflies ...   oh! i'm all alone
good friend   grasshopper   will you play   the caretaker   for my little grave?
a lost child   crying   stumbling over   the dark fields ...   catching fireflies
the snake   departed   but the little eyes   that glared...   dew, shining in the grass
ah! brave dragon-fly   ...   taking for your perch   this swatter   consecrate to death
i raised my   knife to it:   then walked   empty-handed on ...   proud rose of sharon
giddy   grasshopper   take care ... do not   leap and crush   these pearls of dewdrop
darting   dragon-fly ...   pull off its shiny   wings and look...   bright red pepper-pod
reply:   bright red pepper-pod ...   it needs but shiny   wings and look...   darting dragon-fly!
tiny sentences   brushing soft on   my shutters...   bush-clover voices
mirror-pond of   stars ...   suddenly a summer   shower   dimples the water
sadness at   twilight...   villain! i have   let my hand   cut that peony
in dim dusk and   scent   a witness   now half hidden...   evenfall orchid
now be a good   boy   take good care of   our house ...   cricket my child
wake! the sky   is light!   let us to the road   again...   companion butterfly!
stillness ...   then the bat   flying among   the willows   black against green sky
now my   loneliness   following   the fireworks...   look! a falling star!
stupid hot   melons...   rolling   like fat idiots   out from leafy shade!
for   morning-glories   i can foresee grave   danger...   single-stick practice
can't it get   away   from the sticky   pine-branches ...   cicada singing?
silent the old   town...   the scent of flowers   floating...   and evening bell
vendor of   bright fans   carrying his pack   of breeze...   suffocating heat!
voices of two   bells   that speak from   twilight temples...   ah! cool dialogue
deep in dark   forest   a woodcutter's   dull axe talking...   and a woodcutter
camellia-petal   fell in silent dawn ...   spilling   a water-jewel
in the twilight   rain   these brilliant-hued   hibiscus ...   a lovely sunset
friend, that   open mouth   reveals your   whole interior...   silly hollow frog!
butterfly   asleep   folded soft on   temple bell...   then bronze gong rang!
good evening breeze!   crooked and   meandering   your homeward journey
see the morning   breeze   ruffling his so   silky hair...   cool caterpillar
oh lucky   beggar!...   bright heaven   and cool earth   your summer outfit
the turnip   farmer rose   and with a fresh-   pulled turnip...   pointed to my road
flower in the   stream   thus too my lovely life   must end, another   flower...   to fall and float away
i am going out   ...   be good and play   together   my cricket children
not a voice or   stir ...   darkness lies on   fields and streets   sad: the moon has set
lady butterfly   perfumes her wings   by floating   over the orchid
if strangers   threaten   turn into fat   green bullfrogs...   pond-cooling melons
yellow evening   sun ...   long shadow   of the scarecrow   reaches to the road
a camellia   dropped down into   still waters   of a deep dark well
for the emperor   himself he will not   lift his hat ...   a stiff-backed scarecrow
in the holy   dusk   nightingales begin   their psalm...   good! the dinner-gong!
live in simple   faith ...   just as this   trusting cherry   flowers, fades, and falls
night is bright   with stars   ... silly woman,   whimpering:   shall i light the lamp?
black desolate   moor...   i bow before   the buddha   lighted in thunder
dirty   bath-water   where can i pour   you? ... insects   singing in the grass
wee bitter   cricket   crying all this   sunny day ...   or is he laughing?
a short summer   night...   but in this solemn   darkness   one peony bloomed
long the summer   day ...   patterns on   the ocean sand...   our idle footprints
angry i strode   home...   but stooping in   my garden   calm old willow-tree
oh do not swat   them ...   unhappy flies   forever   wringing their thin hands
see ... the   heavy leaf   on the silent   windless day ...   falls of its own will
rash tom-cat   lover...   careless even   of that rice   stuck in your whiskers
moon so bright   for love!   oh, hear the farmer   by that light...   flailing his lovely rice!
now the   swinging bridge   is quieted   with creepers...   like our tendrilled life
dancing in my   silks   money tossed itself   away...   pretty, this paper dress!
the sea   darkening...   oh voices of the   wild ducks   crying, whirling, white
white moth,   flutter off:   fly back into   my breast now   quickly, my own soul!
nine times   arising   to see the moon...   whose solemn pace   marks only midnight yet
watching, i   wonder   what poet could put   down his quill...   a pluperfect moon!
do your worst,   old frost   you can no longer   wound me ...   last chrysanthemum i
pebbles shining   clear,   and clear   six silent fishes...   deep autumn water
a bright autumn   moon...   in the shadow of   each grass   an insect chirping
you turn and   suddenly   there in purpling   autumn sky ...   white fujiami
here, where a   thousand   captains swore grand   conquest ... tall   grass their monument
yellow autumn   moon...   unimpressed   the scarecrow stands   simply looking bored
white chrysanthemum   ...   before that   perfect flower   scissors hesitate
cruel autumn   wind   cutting to the   very bones...   of my poor scarecrow
now in late   autumn   look, on my old   rubbish-heap ...   blue morning-glory
a single   cricket   chirps, chirps, chirps,   and is still ... my   candle sinks and dies
fireworks ended   and spectators   gone away...   ahd how vast and dark!
two ancient   pine-trees ...   a pair of gnarled   and sturdy hands   with ten green fingers
i must turn   over...   beware of local   earthquakes   bedfellow cricket!
oh! i ate them   all   and oh! what a   stomach-ache...   green stolen apples
now in sad   autumn   as i take my   darkening path ...   a solitary bird
at our last   parting   bending between   boat and shore...   that weeping willow
at furue in   rain   gray water and   gray sand...   picture without lines
oh sorry tom-cat   bigger blacker   knights of love   have knocked you out!
the old   fisherman   unalterably   intent...   cold evening rain
while i turned   my head   that traveler   i'd just passed ...   melted into mist
visiting the   graves ...   trotting on to show   the way ...   old family dog
will we meet   again   here at your   flowering grave...   two white butterflies?
so enviable...   maple-leaves   most glorious   contemplating death
shocking ...   the red of   lacquered fingernails   against   a white chrysanthemum
dry cheerful   cricket   chirping, keeps   the autumn gay ...   contemptuous of frost
deepen, drop,   and die   many-hued   chrysanthemums...   one black earth for all
before boiled   chestnuts   cross-legged lad   is squatting...   carved wooden buddha
defeated in the   fray   by bigger battlers   for love...   tom-cat seeks a mouse
asking their road...   seven yellow   bamboo hats   all turned together
torches! come   and see   the burglar i have   captured...   oh! my eldest son!
autumn   mosquitoes   buzz me, bite me ...   see, i am   long prepared for death
nice: wild   persimmons...   and notice how   the mother   eats the bitter parts
gray marsh,   black cloud   flapping away   in autumn rain   last old slow heron
first white   snow of fall   just enough to bend   the leaves   of faded daffodils
what a gorgeous   one   that fat sleek huge   old chestnut   i could not get at ...
none broke the   silence...   nor visitor   nor host ... nor   white chrysanthemum
if you were   silent   flight of herons   on dark sky ...   oh! autumn snowflakes!
chilling autumn   rain...   the moon, too bright   for showers,   slips from their fingers
rainy-month,   dripping   on and on   as i lie abed...   ah, old man's memories!
november   sunrise...   uncertain, the cold   storks stand ...   bare sticks in water
from dark windy   hills   voices driving   weary horses ...   shouting of the storm
slanting lines   of rain...   on the dusty   samisen   a mouse is trotting
oh former   renter   i know it all, all ...   down to   the very cold you felt
gray moor,   unmarred   by any path ...   a single branch ...   a bird ... november
lonely umbrella   passing the house   at twilight...   first snow falling soft
carven gods   long gone...   dead leaves alone   foregather   on the temple porch
five or six of   us   remain, huddled   together...   bent old willow-trees
plume of pampas   grass   trembling   in every wind...   hush, my lonely heart
tea-water,   tired   waiting while we   watched the snow...   froze itself a hat
cold first   winter rain...   poor monkey,   you too could use   a little woven cape
winter rain   deepens   lichened letters   on the grave...   and my old sadness
cold winter   shower ..   see all the people   running   across seta bridge!
old weary   willows...   i thought how long   the road would be   when you went away
no oil to read   by ...   i am off to bed   but ah!...   my moonlit pillow
descending   seaward   far-off mountain   waterfall...   winter nights are still
all heaven and   earth   flowered white   obliterate...   snow ... unceasing snow
considerate   dogs ...   stepping off   into the snow   as i walk the path
but when i   halted   on the windy street   at twilight...   snow struck against me
call him back!   ah no,   he's blown from sight   already...   fish-peddler in the snow
crossing it alone   in cold moonlight...   the brittle bridge   echoes my footsteps
such a little   child   to send to be   a priestling   icy poverty
windy winter   rain...   my silly big   umbrella   tries walking backward
buddha on the   hill...   from your holy   nose indeed   hangs an icicle
this snowy   morning   that black crow   i hate so much...   but he's beautiful!
look at the   candle!   what a hungry wind   it is...   hunting in the snow!
if there were   fragrance   these heavy snow-   flakes settling...   lilies on the rocks
ah! i intended   never never   to grow old ...   listen: new year's bell!
snow-swallowed   valley:   only the   winding river...   black fluent brush-stroke
roaring winter   storm   rushing to its   utter end ...   ever-sounding sea
eleven brave   knights   canter through the   whirling snow...   not one bends his neck
going   snow-viewing   one by one the   walkers vanish...   whitely falling veils
"yes, come   in!" i cried...   but at the windy   snow-hung gate   knocking still went on
see: surviving   suns   visit the ancestral   grave ...   bearded, with bent canes
the orphan   speaks:   the year-end party...   i am even envious   of scolded children
i gave the   greetings   of the bright   new year ... as though   i held a plum-branch
on jolly new   year's day   my last year's bills   drop in   to pay their compliments
death-song:   leaf alone, fluttering   alas, leaf alone,   fluttering ...   floating down the wind
death-song:   i have known lovers...   cherry-bloom ...   the nightingale ...   i will sleep content
death-song:   fever-felled half-way,   my dreams arose   to march again...   into a hollow land
death-song:   three loveliest things:   moonlight ... cherry-   bloom ... now i go   seeking silent snow
driftwood beach wondering if it's too late to put down roots
caressed by sea air	oranges swell with the sight	of gogoshima
menage a trois	on a citrus tree	summer dreams
orange blossoms --	on the piano lid	a sky full of stars
cycle-weary	a yen	for the ferryman
spring pedaling	on the marine road	through the islands
the wake	of an upstream eel	in dawn's light
marina --	i cast anchor	near the moon
matsuyama bay	ancestors come and go	with the tide
after the storm	whose life will go on	nobody knows
driftwood:	the way an old dog	settles his chin on your knee
airport sunset	cherry notes	in the sake
life goes on	though my bike isn't here	spring breeze
part-time job	wearing a pirate's skull cap	sunken boats
last rites . . .	rain fading into	bird song
sunlit poppy . . .	the swirl	of her red skirt
bluest	on forgotten graves --	wild myosotis
delivery room--	the gentle light	of the beginning
huckleberries--	capturing the night	in the jam jar
clearing sky	the gum tree bursts into	rainbow lorikeets
child soldiers--	a young buck takes the moon	on its antlers
the whistle	of a wood duck . . .	her last breath
still there . . .	soul of the caterpillar	in the butterfly
sunlight through fog . . .	the half-life	of falling leaves
leaf-cast shade	a hoverfly moves around	a spot of sunshine
snow in the treetops--	a lullaby too heavy	for her to sing
moon and star ...	a stray goose becomes	an echo
so soft the snow no heroic measures
first light--	the tree explodes	with blackbirds
first autumn colour--	taking the heirloom	meant for my sister
first pond freeze	a water beetle pushes	against the ice
harvest moon	walking through	a van gogh
solar eclipse...	folding, unfolding	moth wings
what was left	by the riverside...	deepening dusk
white butterfly	drifting through all	she left behind
white peony tea--	snow so fine the night	has flowered
the soft snow falls	on the hill, on my roof and	on the homeless
cold winter day	she phones her mother who says:	<who are you?>
half-light a dinghy adrift
late winter sunset slides across lake ice
spring melt	his ashes still	not scattered
alone this winter	counting the nights	counting the stars
her owl	(as if it were hers)	holed up	in the old oak
fallen bread knife	the waiter picks up	a slice of sky
dark shadows	trying to make sense	of her x-ray
some wounds	take forever to heal	tonight's red sky
through the screen door a cat's meow and lilacs
honeycomb...	everything she can't	remember
a red ribbon	writhing in the street	bitter cold
solstice	the incense changes	direction
fallen leaves	we kick thru	their beauty
one way	into the labyrinth	a maple key
grapefruit harvest	the morning sun	left dangling
so much better	than we could do	the frog's stillness
g	l     i  n	r	a	t	s		g          s	i          it	w	t	a
sawdust	father pauses to finish	the story
parade day...	another blue balloon	floats from reach
american dream	in each shop window	a different moon
folding sheets	the weight of a flag	still in my arms
snowbound:	the rosebushes	up to their hips
once before you go	receding snowbank	tell me your secrets
snowstorm	you've gained at least a pound	snowman!
tidy kitchen	knives all hidden	but handy
bikini top	pinned to the park noticeboard	end of summer
side by side	in the hammock	two unread books
a red maple leaf	that forgot to fall...	he fingers his shrapnel scar
setting off beeps	in my smoke detector	a daddy longlegs
to that scythe moon	looming over the hospice	his tranquil yielding
stargazer lilies	my quantum	of time
whispers of a fragrance	my sister loved	evening in spring
snowflakes...	all the little	self-indulgences
star gazing...	one frog answers	another
night comes early	the last of the potatoes	have eyes
indian paintbrush	the myriad colours	of a fire rainbow
the long day	a maple key's twirl	wherever
intermission	a fly on the piano	walks a full scale
morning hush	the fisherman casts	a thread of sunlight
spring evening	playing my piano	for all the street to hear
daylight moon	the chrysanthemums	have covered your name
4-way stop	everyone waits	for the red corvette
autumn light	just this much	to go on
mountain clearing	a hawk carves	all the rest
farmer's scythe	a harvesting song	in each sweep
endless rain	in my mother's kitchen	the snap, snapping of beans
a heat wave	the butterfly	fans its shadow
autumn foliage past its peak	the pathway home	in sepia
meadow pond	our blades slice figures	on the moon
retirement home	each time the heron comes	another goldfish gone
foreign airport	a baby's cry	takes me farther from home
they all hush	when she walks past	sparrows in the hedge
cattails in moonlight	no such	urges at my age
the only sound	a blue dragonfly	between bulrushes
the turning tide at standstill sandhill cranes
persimmon still hanging the extra day of the year
light snow	a sweep of starlings	over the barn
a strange cat	crouched on the welcome mat	the short day
ice storm	the crackle of wood	in the fire
sundown	wild geese gather	on the silver lake
sugaring off	the staccato tapping sound	of a woodpecker
father's day	the kite string pulls	from my hand
waning moon	the fox's bloody footprint	in the snow
after the air show	turkey vulture	quietly soars
the paramedic feeling	for a pulse	fireflies
in her hand	the downed branch	dancing again
white ice on the willows	my hand slipping	into yours
long spring evening:	double-decker	gets fitted with new ads
a sliver of clay	flies off the potter's wheel	the moon almost full
fading harbour light	becoming brisker	her brush strokes
first warm day	father gets out	his cap and cane
the train's whistle	for a moment long grass	blowing west
the wad of paper	uncrumples	longest night
more news of the war	looking deeper	into my dog's eyes
sugar maple	the fingerless gloves	of the fiddler
a whitetail flickers	into birch...	what time i have left
valentine's day	the twinging	of angina
solstice	minnows darting above	their darker selves
silhouette	the moon outlines	her single breast
his sister's funeral	trimming his hair	before he goes
wild geese in flight	suddenly the sky	so wide
call of a loon...	cove light and shadow	ripple in
summer afternoon	settling into its shadow	the old labrador
keeping them for a day	the broken pieces	of the heirloom bowl
on the old wall	pictures of the past	the plaster falling.
easter sunday	neighbours on their knees	weeding
frozen lake	a crack, cleaving silence	to silence
into his trousers	the old tailor	pressing winter light
quiet suddenly,	and crossing the summer lake	the rain comes in sheets
autumn woods	a patch of low sunlight	just out of reach
the hurricane's approach	in the dark, a hickory nut	bounces off our car
moon at our window	the evening still bright enough	to sew that button
three days of downpour	my only horizon	an old umbrella
first day of spring	mosquito larvae wriggling	in a dinosaur track
currents taking us beyond	all the time	we care to measure
heat wave...	a memory of ocean	rushes in
dreaming in the flames	the stack of burning twigs	falls into nothing
path of pine needles...	he adds her	to his christmas list
passing train	water droplets cling	to the pussy willows
remembering dad	as the day of his passing	approaches
relaxing my arm	butterfly	on the bullseye
looking for work	the cold deepens	in the elbow joints
trying to call it off	her face keeps changing	in leaflight
sudden shower	the boys dash out	without shoes
first trick or treat	the toddler reaches	for her mother's face
christmas eve	the jostle of umbrellas	in a crosswalk
alone	even the moon	slips away
all the departure times	have faded...	a thin autumn rain
waiting-room radiator	paper leaves	tremble against their pins
late december evening	a fox tail tapers	to nothing
old couple worrying	what will eat	the crocuses this spring
this side of snow	steam rising	from the rice bowl
the clackity-clack	of the last roller coaster	a crescent moon
grosbeak's song	i brush on one more	wall color sample
the long day	he plants more tomatoes	than we can eat
north wind	a glistening drip of snot	from the rancher's nose
resting	in the wheelbarrow	last year's scarecrow
ringing phone	the bathroom scale	recenters itself
stillness...	the surveyor's orange ribbon	divides the fog
stuck in traffic	the white billboard	bigger than the moon
the moon	has found it for me	a mountain path
shift change	a coalminer squints	in the snowfall
first snow	how lightly	the cat steps
old priest,	his fingers dark	with newsprint
saddle shop	the worn seat	of her jeans
autumn evening	she lays out his clothes	on the bed
voices	ring	in this old tree
in the shadow of lilacs	a cat with her nose	in the air
the days shorten	seeing less and less	of our neighbours
open market	the gypsy baby clutches	a grape in her fist
90 this year	the fisherman reels in	a fighting trout
morning sun	a patch of frost	in the holstein's shadow
autumn dusk...	a weathered hand waves	from the train
first night of snow	sifting through	his box of old buttons
checking the obituaries	the dead leaves	curl under
our arguement lasts	long into the night	the windy trees
snowy morning	crows trading places	in the tree of heaven
daydreaming child   cloud in a puddle
cloudy day	giving the prism	a twirl
after love	this sweet burst	of cherry tomato
dried tadpole	stuck with a pin	ticking sleet
alone again	...the last raspberry	sharp on my tongue
leaves falling	the sudden blackness	of branches
midsummer rains	the glass on the stoop	half-full...
breast self-examination	a moth batters	the screened window
crosswinds	just a black centre	on the straw poppy
autumn butterfly	open	on the warm boulder
cold and overcast...	dipping my banana slice	into sunflower seeds
fresh bloom	of lilac	my steps slow
today the tulips	tightly closedmy little boy's	sullen face
fly caught	in an abandoned web	...summer solstice
late august	pushing through cornstalks	midnight racoons
opening slowly	in the warm kitchenthe last	frost-scarred red rose
from reed to reed	a blackbird follows	its song
snow	the mourners	huddle closer
full moon	bullfrogs	all night
shadows shifting	over the reed bed	dark      light
mistletoe	his smile lines deepen	her blush
farmer's market	a child follows her stroller	filled with potatoes
cormorants	on the dock wings open	to greet the ferry
june:	a sprinkle of rain turning	bales to hay again
jagged hole	in thin lake-ice	the wolf's eyes
lake louise	silently i sit inside	a photograph
reed shadows	merge into the pond	faint coyote's howl
frost at the window	a bowl of white rice	steaming
so close the living the dying   roses in a blue bowl
the carousel spins	a girl's delirious laughter	july evening...
my delighted dog	gives me the grand tour amid	the rain-soaked blossoms
difference of opinion	the student's	loud voice
their last picnic	a cold wind folds her corner	of the blanket
selfish mother	her voice does not reach	white chrysanthemums
small stirrings	deep within the leaf pile	the cat's eyes darken
planting tulips	for a moment	liking myself
months after chemo	i find her hair	in the bluebird's nest
rain, song in a field	grandfather's long hoe flying	sprouts row beside row
first day of spring.	a little girl drawing the sun	on the sidewalk
image of the moon	streaked by a flock of birds	just for a while
end of october	in the vase without flowers	stale-smelling water
walking in the woods	a chestnut drops on my head:	autumnal greeting
after the funeral	the onion moves him	to tears
meeting with boss	i knot and then unknot	my tie
an empty field--	a forgotten scarecrow	in late autumn
window moon--	the quiet sound between	tick and tock
with thin threads	a spider knitted a fly in	a white cradle
cherries in bloom	the delicate application	of makeup to bruise
funeral	folding lilac scent	into his burial flag
shifting expectations dandelion fluff
dusk on the mountaintop as if i had wings
forgotten garden	a fig tree enters	the fog
solar eclipse	your halo	slips a little
rental truck	filling our house	with echoes
spring sea	the fishing boats	go out in pairs
eviction	i pack the pieces	of my favorite bowl
summer sky	i stare into the blue	of my baby's eyes
springtime	dust comes	to light
from god's lips	to my ears	spring breeze
leaf color of an old song turning
death notice	daylilies divided	for another garden
spring thaw	the stone buddha	still still
crocus	after such a long time	saying yes
which way out	the exterminator points	with his spray tip
you can forget	how to ride a bike	autumn leaves
wildfire the night sky full of pine
mist at dawn	from the other side	a loon's call
deepening twilight	no way to answer	the grosbeak's song
a long list of regrets the maple in autumn
rhubarb leaves	how they soften	the pelting rain
zen garden	in the raked furrows	pine needles gather
pieces of sky	in the forest canopy	summer's end
the honking	of geese heading south	our wordless smiles
longest day	the stallion drinks	straight from the hose
a few leaves	still on the trees...	the train's faint call
dead sea scrolls	my mother still has	my baby teeth
family chapel	my ancestor's patina	on the seats
cyber problem	i borrow my neighbour's	9-year-old
after the funeral	we get into	our comfortable clothes
men's retreat	toilet seats left	down
secular guest	thankful no one feels the need	to say grace
transit lounge	the toppled suitcase	left that way
funeral day	family feuds	not laid to rest
autumn leaves...	learning	i'm dispensable
solstice moon	the sound of the mousetrap	snapping shut
to each other	in the dark	waving lanterns
aspen...	i lose a word	or two now and then
the old mare's grave	already dug	april rain
mother's day card	the attempt to say more with less	written larger
the grief still fresh...	a leaf comes to rest	on its shadow
home office	my wife sends me an email	from the bedroom
overdue	the librarian's	smile
after the concert	the conductor motions	for his coat
retirement day	my plastic i.d.	snaps in half
he talks about	his asset allocation	skimming bugs from the pool
the heart	drawn in snow	still falling
and so i agree	not to die before she does	the sound of crickets
water thrush...	as if time never	visited here
mockingbird...	but there ought to be	a moon
the gazing space	between us empty	deepening autumn
this day...	snow blossoms	on the plum tree
higher than the roof	the peace rose planted	three wars ago
used bookstore	the creaking stairway	to poetry
corn maze	we tell the kids	to get lost
the guest preacher	in his sunday best	passing thunder
frescoed chapel...	i insert a euro	and then there is light
burial plot	the salesman offers	a free will kit
red lipstick	her laughter at his jokes	louder than mine
sizing me up	the jeweler measures	her ring finger
summer	one bumblebee	deepens the hum
weathered bench	i open my palms	to the winter sky
hollow center	of the raspberry	mother's silence
ouija board evening	through the trees	a window of sky
cold morning	the saw's song changes	in the heartwood
the shadow	bigger than the pebble...	hunter's moon
second miscarriage	chalk flowers dissolve	in a late spring rain
after the dentist	prying open	the oyster
night-nurse	see how she tip-toes	over the moon
passing the cream puffs	the guest of honor full	of herself
reunion	almost forgotten	the old me
my death poem	rejected	i carry on
tax deadline	everybody says	it's nice outside
mackerel sky	the final wave	before you board
hiroshima day	cigarette-pack cellophane	uncrumpling
end of summer	my garden	in one wheelbarrow
valentine's morning	returning redpolls	alight on fresh snow
the long stride	of a stranger's walk	autumn sky
dark spots	in the honesty pods	looming rain
summer solstice	the backyard venus	knee-deep in weeds
family secrets	the shape	of a popped kernel
funeral	we pray a split second	after the priest
end of summer	press one	to confirm
from bee sting	to emergency room	six stop lights
autumn dusk	a word that will do	for the one i can't find
contractions	the darkness	between stars
a rack of antlers	nailed to the gatepost	lingering heat
gone to bed angry	the din	of summer insects
winter night	one ear listening	to the pillow
unexpected visit	from an old friend	flowers on the bramble
spading the garden	each earthworm half	goes its own way
honeymoon dinner	nothing to talk about	until the tip
coughing, the exterminator	assures me	his work is safe
polite conversation	i try to extract	the last cookie
reunion dance	this time she lets him	crush her corsage
his cluttered house	sorting through books	on chaos theory
embarrassed	by the lavish praise	i imagine getting
continental divide	i look for the place	to                    pee
old steeple	a turban of pigeons	unwinds the hour
sunflowers	the tube of cadmium yellow	squeezed flat
spring rain	the chameleon busy	being green
road flares...	against the bent guardrail	an unknown flower
late afternoon	cow's udders	graze the ground
how heavy	the empty can	of slim-fast
the waterfall	a tourist can't stop	talking
nursing home	my father	the way i left him
carrying a pencil	into the zendo	no point to it
practicing	her signature	the newlywed
a phoebe's erratic flight	this canoe trip	won't solve anything
autumn sunset	the wake of a tugboat	sloshes ashore
indian summer	rust on our hands	from the swing
year end	a trail of footprints crosses	the old pond
first snow	some time left	on the parking meter
trapped	in the vinegar bottle	mother
3-block main street	the waitress asks if we want	menus
tourists talking	in several languages	the glassblower exhales
new snow	the arc	the door makes
overnight rain	a reflection by the runway	levitates
tree-filled swamp...	the silent air	its own shade of green
evoking clusters	of algebraic symbols	smell of tangerine
table for one	the candle flickers	in an abalone shell
summer's end	he refuses	dialysis
bamboo whisk...	the tea master's	fluid hands
condoms:	the checker asks me to slide	my card more slowly
japantown shop	the identical bellies	of buddha and santa
uncle's trophy wife	the slices of mango	rimmed with green
body work	the crucifix gleaming	on the mechanic's chest
rewound movie	she sleeps	through it again
funeral	for the kid	chosen last
redwood shade	a banana slug eating	my worries
desert heat	the lizard disappears	into a snake
twin towers...	and yet the morning glory	blooms
haiku judge	i press ear	to paper
board meeting	a jumbo jet roars	into his yawn
agate beach	finally finding one	in a gift shop
our song...	it turns out	i misheard the lyrics
new year's morning	the bedroom radiator	begins to bang
rooftop prayers	breaking the sound barrier	a blue angel
fish restaurant	after the priest's blessing	cold snapper
crosswalk	a bickering couple	against the light
trees thick with leaves	on the squirrel-proof feeder	supersquirrel!
removing	her sweater	sparks fly
divorce papers:	your, mine,	and now ours
wildfire	the thermometer climbs	all night
morning rain	an egg for my father	spreads in the skillet
pear slice falling	to the kitchen floor	pale moonlight
snapdragons	hearing the sound of	mother's sandals
childhood home	my concrete footprints	go nowhere
cloudless sky	she cranks up	the big white umbrellas
open-air t'ai chi	the occasional clearing	of a raven's throat
second heart attack	he's careful now	hiding the polish sausage
moving day	again, i pack the china	we never use
nude beach	the crowd around	the dead whale
almost dawn	cupped in the curve of the moon	the rest of the moon
autumn begins	leaves follow me	into the shed
squash blossom	just enough dew	to cool my face
cruising osprey	how easily she slips	into dusk
chimney smoke	moonlight changing directions	with the wind
summer veranda	low night voices slip into	rocking chair rhythms
piano lesson...	her braids outdo	the metronome
zen monk	adjusting the mike	on his robes
the rabbi rides	a three-wheeled motorcycle	signed 'the kosher hog'
for her solo	the flautist's nipples	stand up
blackbirds in the cattails	i stand quietly	with the mallards
fallow field	i harvest a fistful	of oxeye daisies
high meadow	opening myself	to the mountain's face
flowing past	the redwoods	the river
river stones	along her garden path	wet with dew
spring morning...	on a busy street two men	comparing tattoos
moonrise...	screams from the roller coaster	no longer seem near
child's kiss	swirling snow	melting as it lands
cleaning everything	out of the old cabin i reach	for a mote of light
stifled laugh:	a november wasp	rousing itself
lunch date	carbonation keeps lifting	his straw
his warm hand	in mine	the primrose path
sake	even in my microwaved cup	a taste of the ancients
moving day	a dove-call settles	in the chimney
spring melt	the flat-bed leaks	on the uphills
morning twilight...	horse asleep in the pasture	covered with frost
along the trail	trading one walking stick	for another
back country	in the folds of my topo map	the rise and fall of mountains
bifocals	the double pleasure	of seeing you again
another year	stripping down for her	sweet corn
marble hallway	the child's scream	longer than her scream
he locks down	the roller coaster	toothless grin
flight out of vegas	arms crossed	six across
whistle stop...	on and off the train	a butterfly
nets in place	the fishing boat	becomes the fog
snow so deep	only the red flag	of the mail box
foggy morning	staring into the rosy depths	of hibiscus tea
morning mist	a workman whistles	no particular tune
almost visible	an owl on the verge	of night
sifting pebbles	my fingers pause to read	the broken one
her mind going	great-grandma's slippers	in her purse
senryu poet	all those tight little lines	around her mouth
his side of it.	her side of it.	winter silence
the new employee	being shown around	crack in the wall
alpine bus ride	the wildflowers	almost distract me
downpour over paris	everywhere	french puddles
white sail...	whiter still,	under my shading hand
after lovemaking	the clouds pull slowly	apart
a cicada rasps again	and again the baby	shakes her rattle
mountain fog	below the rope bridge	nothingness
zen dining hall	hand after hand waving	the fly away
frosty morning	the lifelss tracery	of a lacewing
giving away	her baby crib...	teeth marks on every bar
broken clock	from the goodwill bag	the sound of ticking
going under anesthetic	one foot keeping time	to the o.r. jazz
observation tower	my grandson watching his spit	fall
sweat lodge	my only vision	is of the cool river
family meeting	our neighbors	shut their windows
last trace	of the birth steam in the meadow	the morning star
early morning fog	in the cereal bowl	the spoon clinks
off chemotherapy	one by one, great egrets depart	the marsh willow
proposing...	the weightlifter's adam's apple	goes up & down
the men's room	with piped-in light rock	one by one we dance
quaker meeting	through the open door the sound	of a small boy's wee
beneath the green bay tree	a broken shell	a broken song...
the winter sun...low,	lower at each stroke of	this weathered mattock
snowbound...	the stained glass robin's	song
tv tennis,	all the players	on the sofa
alone               not caring	passing wind near the pig farm
one more ride	with the top down	winter stars
nursing home front porch	in sync out of sync in sync	three old men rocking
the visible edges	of the layered earth	where the stream splits it
above the whitewater	listening to both forks	the gorge at twilight.
pachelbel's canon	the harpist plucks	something in me
summer's end	jays find the cold campfire	the cold potato
my self	monopolizes	me
calling home	my recorded voice tells me	i can't talk now
loft apartment:	artist's nude model	waves to window washer
snowman	in the parking lot	anatomically correct
tight-fit of her jacket	and one button	hanging-by-a-thread
leaving the o.r.	the brain surgeon's hairpiece	askew.
first frost	one puddle frozen	the size of my skate
winter rain	walking on ice	the way it wants to be walked on
bitter dawn	stray cat licks the frost	off fallen leaves
out of the lake	the weight of a butterfly	on my finger
autumn	an old man hurling apples	at apples on the tree
winter wind	after the dog is buried	scratches on the door
measuring the curves	in a child's hand	the wooly bear
not until the fog	did the garden sprout	silver webs
the way the breeze	ruffles his fur	dead cat
noon day sun	old elephant	stands on its shadow
rust speckles the new saw	left by the carpenter	under the stars
acorn rain...	cloud of wings beating	the first day of school
the bottom team	en route to the ballfield	lost again
mexican jumping beans	i thought they were	my vitamins!
instant	tea ceremony	in the bag
at dusk a small witch	offers a homeless man	her bag of treats
from over or under	toilet paper end	always hiding
daywake	the chirping	car alarms
art class:	nude model	slippery chalk
oversleeping	her doctor's appointment	in her dreams
there's something about it	the way a dog barks	at the scarecrow
the circle	of the winging hawk now	tightening to a dot
after-lunch siesta	nothing to break the silence	but the refried beans
charcoal	drawing the tree	it was
monks	chanting	only	at	first	are	they	still	temple	frogs
night cat	pulls its shadow	along the picket fence
winter solstice	the waterfall frozen	in mid-air
the cicada	sawing itself	in two.
the chill	ants in the flesh	of the fallen pear
fifty years later	once giggling teens avidly	comparing their ills
just as in childhood	before closing dad's coffin	a kiss not returned
at his favorite deli	the bald man finds a hair	in his soup
furious	only a b+	on his paper on hubris
summer twilight	a woman's song	mingles with the bath water
with the slow blue silence	the ice fisherman	waits
lightning	the doll's	pale face
high in the cherry tree	a boy singing	with his mouth full
one month	after her death	he still smokes outside
retirement home:	laundry sign  "no dying	in these tubs."
cold march winds:	hours in line	at the tax office
bridal shower...	finding the male stripper	the best man
forgiving him	again	again    the chill
class reunion	no talk of how young we look	...like last time
divorce papers	she puts a new battery	in her clock
the curandera	lights a candle to the virgin	before mixing the herbs
blank windows next door	surprised to miss the neighbor	i didn't like.
she speaks of her pain all of the windows up
under the "ripe" sign	at the fruit market	my nine-month belly
wearing dark glasses,	my friend visits	the psychic.
meeting an old friend	both of us trying not	to wear our glasses
wavering	above the pear juice	chopsticks
well-dressed matron	her delight on finding	the heads-up penny
in the eye	of the cardboard politician	seagull shit
daddy longlegs	evenings return	to lamplight
the bell-ringers pause	hares race the wind	across the hill
sunlight & dust	the rolling colts socks	kicked into air
shoulder blade	of the aged pony	a rivulet of rain
beyond windsong in the poplars cuckoo of the longest day
prints in the snow the same pace as yesterday
departing geese	i am no longer	someones child
darkening the shade	between touching apples	the shadow of a wren
a nestful of feathers	and tiny skulls 	clouds without rain
billowing snow:	the lamb quiet	beneath my coat
the moons apostrophe	everything i know	learned from books
the long day ends leaning on a hazel crook
autumn sun the old dog rolls in the dust of the lane
faintly to the pleiades robin song
storm clouds ...	a sea eagles shadow	sweeps the treetops
the war off again	a higgledy-piggledy pile	of pistachio shells
spring rain	i slip another iou	into his piggy bank
breeze-tousled ivy	the crook where the owl settles	softened by snow
rain-soaked fell	out of the snow come the fleece	and bones
a dusting of snow light on the apple skins
fast-moving storm	the flagman's world	slow and stop
sundown a red dust settles behind the plough
the geese still	on the far end of the wind	the silent marsh
weekend over	rattle of a plastic soldier	in my guitar
the weight	of a portable radio	summer night
yellow but cold	light	in the river-mist
a stoat arcs into undergrowth thin winter moon
spring rain	i've upset	the little stack of coins
evening star	a patterning	of bats
the newborn's hand	brushes my breast	white camellias
the cries of lapwings	in the darkness	halo of the moon
caf breeze the beaded curtain's quiet chatter
in the dark	i cradle snow	on my tongue
the river high	the toll-keeper's chickens	lose half their run
estuary mud	bleached in moonlight	boat bones
slow day	the ant keeps returning	to stanza one
night birth a lamb shakes fluids into the sleet
winter solitude	the garden trellis leans	on a cloud
cumulonimbus	barn swallows	skitter through the sailboats
adari pool	a noon gecko tracks	the mosque shade
summer storm	galahs swivel on wires	to wash their wings
white spots	on a brown butterfly's wing	the baby's toes wave
high above the clouds	checking out each passenger	a stowaway fly
in the plastic cover	of a missing person notice	two snails feast
above the flood plain	a double rainbow...	promises  promises
noonday heat	the pony holds a mouthful	of mountain stream
moonlight jaunt	silver water sliding down	an otter's whiskers
this wide sky	in the grass	a thrush's broken egg
coal miner's cortege	above his valley	the slow storm clouds
out of bleakness in their hundreds the pink-footed geese
afterglow	a taste of vine	in the tomato
how still the morning	watching a cormorant	watching the water
thin winds...	in the empty barn	a well-honed scythe
our shadows holding hands the width of the stubble field
naming the boulders	my grandson asks	about divorce
november beach...	the lone surf caster's thrust	and parry
first snow	the pencil lady's eyes	catch mine
scattered clouds;	lives not mine	walk the window ledge
now and again	through wind-flattened grasses   the tips	of the hare's ears
clouded light...	ripple crests edge	the egret's tail
eventide: salmon nets	strung across an estuary, the bent backs	of fishermen
a sudden storm	closing my eyes	i lean on the wind
grey spring morning...	just one car in the road	dotted with blossom
sun breaking	through storm clouds	gorse amongst the heather
sheep in the churchyard	on the last day of summer	more rain from the west
rushing shallows	a blackcap warbles	his short song
storm break	all of the angles	in the martin's flight
leaf fall	the undoing	done
zephyr	she whispers	it's me
dusk coming down	the drift of dry leaves	against my shoes
among the splashes	a toy bucket of ocean	dumped back in
moving day	in the shade of new leaves	the old things
for a moment	the sandwich maker	loses his rhythm
losing the dispute	she listens	to grasshoppers
these yellow hills	i let the cow	lick my palm
phone	she dries herself	more slowly
miles inland	the sound of the ocean	in the poplars
easter sunday	a snail's empty shell	on my doorstep
4th of july	a young couple argue	in sign language
first hot day	removing a kiwi	from its jacket
outdoor concert	the toddler asleep	kicking stars
tngrs	bhnd the bk shds	txtg
all these stars	she ties another knot	in her embroidery
the small boy	strikes the blind man's stick	with his plastic sword
fireflies	the space between	stars
sky	too blue	to trust
the whole moon	caught for a moment	in the blackberry
summer's end	a boy skips a stone	to the other side
the flat ends	of a new pencil	first day of school
sudden rain	a flock of sanderling	rise at the breaking wave
starless night	the first bite	of black bread
sultry night	the smell of jasmine	and old oranges
mosquito wing	on the white pebble	a spectrum
mist shrouded river	the faint line	of oyster beds
first snow	candles light	our canned soup dinner
river crossing in autumn	how the rocks now	stand out
brink-of-war news	draped over my shins	this anchoring child
tiny headstone	a pinwheel turns	the wind
ice cream van	i still want to	run outside
third day of rain	her stance	softens
slack tide...	we both reach	for the same skipping stone
the scent of snow	a workman pulls a leaf	from fresh cement
lightning bugs...	the baby's lashes flutter	against my cheek
spring rain scent	a puppy tumbling	at my heels
grandma's album	over the pressed sunflower	a small hand hovers
he speaks of you	and for a moment	it is you
floating mist	she gathers goose eggs	in a porcelain bowl
in my dream	i am accepted	as a crow
crossroad shrine	a bevy of quail running	beneath the briars
haiga workshop	in the downstroke of the brush	the sound of rain
beyond the fallen acorns	the ruin's gate	slightly open
october sun	a warm greenhouse tomato	settles in the palm
house clearance	in the heart shaped locket	a faded soldier
summer remains	playing on the patio	the fuchsia's shadow
last glimpse of her garden	all those old shadows	overlapping
another new moon	rises above the mountain	i need not climb
thru the wings	of a window moth	moonlight
notice of your death...	thinking of the many laughs	we had together
one tiny cloud	large enough	to blot out the moon
autumn chill	the house still creaks	in all the old places
old telescope	a giant spider	beyond orion
death day of my son	one thin cow	apart from the herd
parents' old home	still pencilled on the door frame	our childhood heights
those words	in her final letter	everywhere  craneflies
leaving home	taking a handful	of earth with me
banked fire	a sigh from the watchdog	asleep in my arms
tiredness	a floating feather settles	on the concrete
loner...	for a moment the sun's warmth	as he enters deep woods
early to bed	a wild winter night	in the downpipe
snowed in	this frothy cappuccino	too hot to drink
ripe guava fruit	its sharp scent pierced	by parrots' screeches
visiting her grave	everywhere the sounds	of nestlings
autumn afternoon	in fresh concrete	the pattern of a leaf
each time the train stops	a mother resumes	her lullaby
late snow	on kindergarten windows	paper daffodils
lost	in the pampas grass	geese shadows
night crossing	tijuana border guard	in sunglasses
small town	the same dream	as last night
half-empty cup	i decide ive had enough	of you
middle age	in the mirror	the turn toward it
wedding day	the time he takes	to knot the tie
stick figures	including one	i recognize
boy girl party	the slow speed	of the blender
life and death decisions	the need to feel	the satin lining
perfect storm the perfume not hers
phantom pain	the shape of her	in a stranger
death watch	she dies peacefully	in their sleep
rain gauge	the pastor talks	about grief
waiting room	a fly climbs the stairs	on an escher print
my third glass of wine	the mosquito	comes back for seconds
philosophy class	i talk myself	into a corner
old faithful	the crowd arrives	right on time
undressing the summer wind turns color
stirring my coffee	every which way	flamenco
a watermelon smile drips off the end of my elbows
trick-or-treat	a sailboat's name	reflects in the sea
martin luther king day	i readjust	my rear-view mirror
my skeleton	going for a walk	in the cemetery
mother's day	she puts me	on hold
final note	my g-string	too tight
wishbone	as we pull it apart	i change my mind
my blind date	disarming the alarm	she invites me in
graveside service	no one wants to leave	first
soothsayer	by appointment	only
the stylist	rinses away	the sound of her voice
their first thanksgiving	posing together	with the turkey
graduation day	in the gait of our son	your younger stride
kona wind	an ocean between me	and my worries
new bride	the squeak of her	sweet corn being shucked
old timers' game	seventh inning stretch	the creaking of knees
street corner memorial	my four-year old	asks for the balloon
busy italian restaurant	happy birthday	sung to the wrong table
tokyo vending machine	the long line	behind the foreigner
old palm reader...	my life line	her longest yet
engagement ring	he decides	it looks real enough
parade march	the old vet with canes	refuses to ride
first day of school	her brother's backpack	with legs
inviting aromas...	the hostess asks	will it just be me
our pilot hopes	to see us again real soon	the intercom clicks
candlelight dinner	she fingers the rose	to see if it's real
stale cookie	i give away	the fortune
wrong date	the thickening skin	on her latte
a new boyfriend	the same lingerie	enticing again
feeling the shape	of the wrapped gift	i put on a polite face
first date	the little pile	of anchovies
mistaking telephone	for doorbell	i let loneliness in
arguing	a deaf man grabs	the other's hands
crossing the hopscotch	two old women	avoid the lines
dentist's obituary	common interests	we could never talk about
as if it were spring	the green mold	on the cheese
psychic fair	she brushes some dirt	from the cards
centerfold:	the model's navel	off-center
day moon	a fresh tattoo rises	out of her jeans
independence day	i struggle to free myself	from a wet swim suit
fresh blueberries	a 'gothic' teenager	darkens her lips
switchbacks	five or six cub scouts	an octave higher
my father and i	paint the barn	compare wars
picnic	in the sun-dappled courtyard	my freckled banana
in the dream	my dog has a whistle	only i can hear
rodeo cowboy	hopefully clutching	a handful of sky
two-way glass	the patient waits inside	the therapist's reflection
rush hour	the blonde in the porsche peels	an orange
scar on her cheek	she gets her lipstick	just right
grocery shopping	his python tattoo	squeezes the charmin
on display:	her small and firm	opinion of men
conservatory,	the carnivorous plants	behind glass
grinding sausage meat	she recounts the times	her husband cheated
aftershock	the picture on the wall	straightens
in the middle	of making love	counting syllables
nudist camp	where to begin	with the sunblock
clothesline	the shirt shows off	its biceps
open mike night	the audience	goes dead
getting acquainted	i learn another name	for wild radish
divorced	she cleans the ring	around the tub
after lovemaking	returning	to ourselves
nest of black hair	secured with ball-point pens	office geisha
naked at the ironing board	concentrating	on a crease
round and round	debating	circumcision
freezing wind	the body builder pumps gas	in a muscle shirt
werewolf movie	at the commercial	letting the dog out
winter rain	holding the umbrella	over the dachshundpissing
birthmark removed	she saves up	for a blue tattoo
denver mcdonald's...	the specials on the window	paint out the mountain
late february	a statue of houdini	encased in ice
30-year reunion	he still	hits on her
snow buntings	his new bride	waits in the car
prostate exam	the doctor and i	trade jabs
nude ballet	the composer adds	extra notes
the clerk's lip ring	i forget	what i wanted
in the midway sun	corn on the cob customers	grinning ear to ear
school library	such quiet	books
at the fence	they sit on their tractors	talking hay
three surgeons	five nurses	wrong leg
full moon	i iron a wrinkle	into his pants
valentine's day	she reminds me	to fasten my seatbelt
before the guests arrive	i straighten	the straight cushions
a lull in her hands	the hairstylist asks	how i part my hair
in one room	everything she has	and a window
floating	in the dishwater	a pair of chopsticks
serious	she takes off her sunglasses	to speak english
nude beach	an empty bikini	turns me on
dropping valentine chocolates	he quickly swaps them	for another box
leaning back	in their chairs	old friends reunited
saving her best dishes	for a better day	my eighty year old mother
fireflies	my neighbor	has more
blowing out	one birthday candle:	the whole family
"just married"	the attendant	pumping too much gas
family reunion	everywhere i look	my old nose
identical twins	their hair neatly parted	on opposite sides
at the flea market	looking through books	i gave away
nightfall	the zookeeper	lets himself out
tourist town	postcards of the waterfall	racked upside down
carrying their canes	two old women lean	on each other
first date	in the parking lot	our car doors touch
parents coaxing	baby to eat	mouths wide open
handsome vendor	my name	on a grain of rice
driving lesson done	father and daughter run	fingers through their hair
naked	on the bathroom scales	stomach held in
reconciliation	the candle between us	sputters
his ashes scattered	what to do	with the box
nude beach	his enormous	sand castle
letting the dog out	letting the dog in	wrong dog
a gusting breeze	the comet wobbles	in my binoculars
long walk home	kicking a stone	for company
christmas day	the exchange	of custody
honeymoon trip	he refuses to stop	for directions
clicking off the late movie...	the couch cushion	reinflates
opening night...	missing the entrance	of the night blooming cereus
forgetting his underwear	the one with so many	frequent flier miles
summer concert	fanning myself faster	during the scherzo
overmatched boxer	his eyes closed	before the fight
yard sale:	she takes the baby crib	back into the house
his toe	answers mine	a truce begin
making sure	nothing grows	the rock gardener
too quick to reply	cutting my tongue	on the envelope
grandfather's funeral	cousin kate, air kissing,	spies a mirror, checks her makeup.
in a semi circle	retired sisters watch	"wheel of fortune"
dissatisfied	with her virgo horoscope	she tries pisces
first time	at the zoo my son	watches the people
antiquities room	the curator asks	"so what's new?"
meeting her boyfriend	our handshake	out of synch
from the holy land	he sends a postcard of cracks	two thousand years old
polaroid of her lover	coming clearer	with time
visitor's day	buttons just right	her dress inside out
blueberries	we show each other	our tongues
battered child	...kicking the swing	higher
a pause in the lecture	all at once three students	cross their legs
cropped grass	r =	the tethered goat
whacking the bat	with a broom, she says	they attack people
clear about	everything	the window washer
dining out	next to the window	her coat
late spring blossoms	the silhouette artist facing	another ponytail
balloon man	selling pins	for popping
on the same bus	the same strangers	as yesterday
new neighbor	eyeing the worn path	between our houses
a man swept by	in a wave rising, falling	sees us see him drown
fingering my tattoo	granddaughter asks	when she can have numbers
the words unspoken...	waiting for the toast	to pop up
drilling deeper	my dentist talks me into	amnesty international
methodical husband:	on his list of chores, she finds	her name
running down	fight illiteracy	the gang's red paint
drunken sailor	loses both shoes	tying one on
eating alone	my alphabet soup	speaks to me
lunch	with her lover's wife	leftovers
hole in the ozone	my bald spot...	sunburned
after kindling	his passion...	she lights his cigarette
nurse's station	above the heart monitors	a soap opera
how desirable	in the thrift show window	my old mag johng set
hopscotch	a one legged man	raises cane
young lawyer	his briefs	in the snow
in his mother's house	he walks into the cobweb	she underlooked
feel the warmth of	basho's frogpond	just xeroxed
behind shadow proof blinds	the calligrapher's	word processor
flies wait it out	under a cow's chin	spring shower
heartwood	the saw changes	its tune
snow field	the earth marked	by fallen angels
setting sun	an accordion squeezes	the night air
no moon	the click of stilettos	on cobblestones
flowing estuary	native languages	long gone
in the hot tub	my eyes on her floating breasts	hunters moon
rosebud unfolding	the seed packet left behind	in revelations
no escaping	this moonlight	pompeii
river mud	the shape	of boys
somewhere becoming rain becoming somewhere
desert twilight	a map with many creases	nailed to a cross
we huddle	over mother's open grave	lawless winter
a long bus ride	the prophetic language	of the stops
navajo moon	the coyote call	not a coyote
deleting words	from the eulogy	falling leaves
calla lily	the sound of a ladder	lengthening
tasting the well	in the water	summer stars
mother's day	the expiration date	on wildflower seeds
northern lights...	the scratchy play	of seventy-eights
a recurring escape from my father's dream
the big dipper	no matter where i stand	mountain sky
summer passing	the yard flamingo's	rusty legs
glint of sunlight:	the respirator carries on	alone
all souls day...	my name called	from the front gate
autumn	an empty booster seat	in the barber's window
hunter's cabin:	of the woods	not of it
end of the walk	returning the crow's feather	where i found it
cafe for sale	outdoor tables rusting	into autumn
day lilies	another death date added	to the family tree
the house finch	has a song for it,	morning after snow
crescent moon	a bone carver sings	to his ancestor
close enough to touch	i let the junco lead me	away from its nest
blowing leaves	tempt the old cat,	but not enough
ancient mountains...	runners clearing hurdles	on the practice field
thanksgiving	fifteen minutes	of mince pie
blossoms...	the baby's bare feet	pedal the air
butterfly	my attention	attention span
one moth	a thousand candles	light the darkness
trail's end	my pebble	settles the cairn
family reunion	some of the beached kelp	in knots
a jar of pennies	on the lemonade stand	evening cool
lightning...	the scarecrow's coat sleave	caught in mid-wave
summer's end	the hammock turned in	on itself
charcoal alley	children flick marbles	into the light
season of lights	the postman	leans to the wind
having no thought	we've come to see them	dogwoods in bloom
turning tide	placing intact clams	back in the water
mallard pair	he rocks	on her wake
filtering in	with the night air	a skunk's warning
stone in my pocket	the brook cuts deeper	into the mountain
a bee chose	the rose i meant to pluck...	empty vase
soba noodles...	the new year	slips in
hazy dusk...	no one bothered to plow	the graveyard road
child's wake	the weight	of rain
gunshot the length of the lake
a stick caught	on the lip of the dam	winter's end
summer stars...	the old violin goes	to the highest bidder
winter drags on...	i squeeze the last drops	from a teabag
distant thunder	a titmouse gives one chirp	and falls silent
alzheimer's birthday	each slice of the cake	takes part of her name
march winds	a decade has passd	by your grave
indian summer	a spent salmon	washes ashore
after the funeral	whiskers still	in his razor
the page-finders	of my father's daily missal	losing their colors
first buds of spring	i change the washer's setting	to delicate
among the gravestones	with names worn away	children play hide 'n seek
whalebone	from a beach near savoonga	winter rain
all saints morning	a path	of trodden leaves
cremated	in her favorite kimono	small green plums
spring rain	the gravedigger latches the door	of his backhoe
spring rain the cat's pink nipples
loon calls	my daughter drawing circles	near the fire
summer evening	from across the meadow	a call to supper
shivering on the roof	i rub my palms together	meteor shower
ocean breeze	a strand of seaweed	steadies the kite
autumn rose	even as i sketch the wind	more petals fall
humid july	from the stove the smell	of old fires
the wind of autumn	a homeless man warms himself	hand to mouth
broken easel	the front yard blue	with wildflowers
heat waves	the hitchhiker shifts her child	to the other hip
land's end	sand in each bite	of my apple
indian summer	a fish slips through	the gill net
her 18th birthday	for the first time she notices	my silences
spring sunshine	the climbing ivy	filled with sparrows
meteor shower	a gentle wave	wets our sandals
mountain hike	we drink from the beginning	of a great river
spring sun	high in his arms	the newborn is shown
snail	to know	its heart beats too
lethal injection	unable to shut	the blind dog's eyes
end of summer	the shape of his feet	in his sneakers
geronimo's grave	someone has left	plastic flowers
new in town	the scent	of unknown flowers
foghorns...	we lower a kayak	into the sound
catalog time	the garden begins	without a seed
new buterfly...	folded wings	lean into the wind
morning overcast	a few seeds still dangle	from the dandelion
break up	i leave behind	her butterfly net
walking home barefoot,	we enter the shadow	of the hill
autumn evening...	a page of the old book	separates from the spine
funeral procession...	snowflakes blowing	into the headlights
autumn evening	my hospital window	becomes a mirror
storm clouds	the cry of a shearwater	circles the sky
late into the night	we talk of revelations	moon through the pines
the kettle whistles...	a blur of garden color	on the window
winter beach	a piece of driftwood	charred at one end
riveredge old growth:	a towering window	of stars
i'm caught in it too	the blossom-loosening wind
over the railroad tracks	the slow motion	of a snake
the beetle i righted	flies straight into	a cobweb
leaf in my palm	its stem extends	my lifeline
about the tree	over my small son's grave	tell me
musty smell	forgotten...deep	into the text
that venus!	leading the cupped moon	through every turn of the road
"grabs" and "opens"	the fist	sowing seeds
the river	coming to it with nothing	in my hands
deep silence	the orphaned nestlings	this third morning
summer solstice	the long tips of lavender	bent by bees
snowbound	coloring inside	the lines
the dumproad pond	tadpoles exit	a birdhouse
still sun-warmed...	the pulled-out scarecrow	in my arms
changing the swallowtail	changed by it	the spring wind
letting the branch go	a shower of petals falls	on the old woman
toll booth lit for christmas	from my hand to hers	warm change
winter seclusion	tending all day	the small fire
on the path	only one of us	touched by a falling leaf
winter, bedtime	static flickers	through a white sleeve
warm river	up to our necks	in sunset
beneath the ice	the waterfall	still falling
old garden chair	sagging with the weight	of a single leaf.
after the stroke...	watching only the half of your face	that smiles
city window	mountains and pines	etched in frost
autumn deepens	an empty snail shell	explored by an ant
early morning sun	scattered on the table	several grains of salt
snowflakes	no one will miss	melt in her hand
bright leaves	blow through	her dream house
scattering his ashes	the moon	in bits and pieces
on the river	of many names, one cloud	floating
learning too late	he didn't like bubinga wood	sun strikes the urn
the war memorial	migrating butterflies	cover the names
falling leaves	the house comes	out of the wood
leaving you	fog on either side	of the white heron
below zero	all curled up in the woodpile	the skin of a snake
deep winter	the armload of firewood	chills the kitchen
mourning dove calls...	my elderly neighbor stills	the sound of her hoeing
august morning	a window washer wiping dust	from his sunglasses
snowmelt...	she enters	the earth on her knees
an old woolen sweater	taken yarn by yarn	from the snowbank
a white horse	drinks from the acequia	blossoming locust
sunlight shines red	through my father's thumb	on the steering wheel
two women crying	one giving birth	the other being born
approaching the family plot...	my furled umbrella	turns into a cane.
chernobyl victim	fingers pressing the plastic	to his wife's caress
cloud shadow	long enough to close	the poppies
the thick clang	of a cowbell	the sun deepens
roses	in the smaller room	more fragrant
ninety winters	spellbound	again
silent cathedral	stained-glass apostles	dimming with dusk
up the path	to touch that one oak	in last night's dream
dry leaves	the old archer	curves his eyebrow
soft rain	the new grave	looks old
morning sneeze	the guitar in the corner	resonates
dusk	a lone car going the same way	as the river
first days of summer...	already the leaves gather	beneath the sycamores
fall leaves the trees the winter sky
so many ways	within the waterfall	for water to fall
after the rain	on my vegetable patch	a new crop of stones
frozen in mud	by the vacant shanty:	lottery ticket
the potter's hands	gently shape the vase	out of himself
watermelon rind,	sitting in its own juice	the summer sun
figure drawing class	in the model's deepest shadows	a stark white string
ebb tide...	a little sea	in the shell
watching rain	pouring down...pouring down	just watching
abandoned store	large sign reading	we never close
a single strand	of spider silk	stops her
endlessly becoming,	clouds
mime	lifting	fog
taking time...	listening	to the grocery clerk
in the yukon	sleeping with one eye shut	the summer night
in soap bubbles	again and again	his face is broken
yard sale,	sunlight filling	mason jars
leaving home...	the smell of smoke	from old brick chimneys
frozen pond	white antlers rise	through the ice
june night	my mother alone with	her cancer
at dinner	biting into roast beef...	the butcher's thumb nail
phoning the neighbors	their real voices	through the open window
repeating the lecture	his eyes following	the window-cleaner's blade
tools rusting	unused on the work bench	a faucet dripping
full moon		peering into	the half-built house
dusk	drawing the pond's depth	to the surface
old woman, wrapping	her cat's gifts	centering the bows
on the way to work	a hot air balloon	up in the mist
this heat;	the dog's tail	the only breeze
light	up under the gull's wing:	sunrise
second husband	painting the fence	the same green
such coolness	the snail stretches	its neck
the one legged bird	that deep bend before	taking off
bird song	lost	in bird song
walking in on her	dead eyes reflecting	snowfall
in the sea	the fireworks	rising
bird feeder untouched...		alone again
circling each thigh	cool	of the night river
small child	afraid to throw away	his church bulletin
in utter stillness	the incense	changes direction
early spring sun	the spinster combs out her hair	for nesting birds
canyon:	at the very edge	riversound
out of its slipper	her bare foot talking	under the table
burial prayers	grandson playing hide and seek	behind the stones
between the fireflies	the changing shape of darkness
my father's hammer	warm again	in my hand
under trees and sky	the baby studies	her hands
migrating geese	once there was so much	to say
sound of her voice	carrying eggs	across the ice
moving	with the clock tower's shadow	the flower lady
heart drawn in dust	by the old indian...	rain
whispered dusk	a fox picks its way	across the ice
mist	lifting	the loon's cry
snowman's eye	sinking in	the spring rain
autumn afternoon:	i stand on the shadow	of the sparrow
ten below zero:	man and boy walk through their breath	to read old tombstones
hot wind	the roadrunner's beak	opens and closes
blackbirds descend	through the floaters	in this eye
the old man	closes the shadow	in his hand
spring drizzle	rounding the thorn	a drop of light
horizon	wild swan drifting through	the woman's body
deserted wharf	the mine bows	to the moon
a spider's web	across the windharp	the silence
under the back steps	catfish still flop in the pail	the long august night
horns fold	at my shadow's touch;	brown slug
early april rain	that woman fills every jar,	seals them forever
dead mynah bird...	with each passing car	its wing flaps
picking cotton	the memory	of birdtracks in the snow
old tea bag;	tints the moon	slightly
blackened walnut	left unopened	winter solstice
distant woodchopper	inside the cabin	axbite echoes
the grey cranes at dusk	bending in a line along	the crooked fenceposts
checking for water	the woman finds a full moon	trapped in the cistern
old woman,	rain in the eye	of her needle
the path shorter now,	underfoot the crumbling leaves;	the child runs ahead
cry of the peacock widens the crack in the adobe wall
fields of snow	not only moonlight	but the moon
cold morning sea	an old man towels	himself in the sunlight
fields of corn stretching	as far as the eye can see	within             a lost child
crossing the bright sky	of a near-sighted swimmer,	the song of a bird
and yet	perishable is flesh	a mountain plum
what thing cries out	deep inside us	cooking the turtle?
lights out	...the firefly	inside
the wind	somewhere else	bird tracks in a light snow
apples cooking:	in the aroma	pictures of my mother canning
dawn	another parting	with the moon
back and forth goldfish hot & humid afternoon
the child	points at the moon	and says, "bird"
one seagull	on a shaft of air;	dawn
lean man	carving	the tree's dream.
morning-glory folds into herself into her folds
from behind me	the shadow of the ticket-taker	comes down the aisle
walking to work		pages lap at your feet	the quick eye holds up the news to the day
part of a dog	walking by upside down	in the roadside puddle
where the ripple was	the fisherman casts his line;	another ripple
quiet strokes	of night swimmer: the slap	of beaver tails...
never expecting	the lilies in november	nor the small coffin
the room's smallness	fills with light	this morning of snow
the way of the conch	blueing in the sea, and	echoing in the wind
leaving    all the morning glories    closed
old frog	up to his ears	in moonlight
reaching into sky	the girl breaks the wish	bone of geese
in a dark bag	onions	sprouting
still lake	a hawk makes off	with its image
skiers!	standing	on the wind
pregnancy	shape of the dark side	of the crescent moon
spring sky	a seagull enters	our selfie
evening lull	a seaside cave exhaling	butterflies
first glimpse	of her mastectomy bra	winter rose
silence	leaves are falling	all by themselves
the snow-spinning wind	i dream of only big trees	in my prison yard
after the sunset	a white chrysanthemum	lights quite alone
summer night	a worm bites through the silence	in a fallen acorn
the shadow of the fish	hides	in the shadow of a leaf
shining	in a drop of dew	all his love
waiting	in the sheaths of ice	blades of grass
places i'll never see	the backlit wings	of migrating geese
reflection	in this oyster shell	pearl moon
spring shower	a peacock sips pinkness	from the bromliad
mouth of the river	i dream with my cousin	boat to boat
empty jam jar	the tadpoles	in the u-bend
no clouds	a wind in the sheoaks	shuffles bits of blue
loon call     the stillness of the lake
flashes of lightning	across the pasture --	sheared sheep
half light	not knowing what today	will bring
winter commute	the face of a missing child	exits
over the eggs	they laid too soon	late falling snow
sun's out	a drop on the lily pad	changes to green
the faint melody	of a carousel	swirling leaves
winter's end	fence wire ripples	in the wake of a coot
sacred ground	red geraniums	where they fell
winter garden	my father's swing seat	still creaking
dawn grey	the scratch of a claw	from the sleeping dog
on the pine	a feather stiff with sleet	ice moon
dusk shadows	a peacock's cry	across the paddocks
spring birdsong	a common cuckoo	barges in
gale-force wind	a bird's nest becomes	what it was
wind in tamaracks	whispering to shadows,	shadows
drawing the geese	from the stubble fields	the pink-tinged sky
funeral march	the crunch crunch crunch	of cicada husks
on the piano	photos of the ones	who don't visit
april showers	my inside-out umbrella	drowns a snail
november dusk	a cloud of sparrows rounds	the weathered silo
end of summer	the busker's trouser cuffs	collect burs
twilight	the late swallow passes	the first bat
stone steps	an electric ant takes	the handrail
spring equinox	chaise lounge claimed	by the swollen river
turning tide	the buoy bobs	sideways
the windfalls	he gathered	gathering dusk
november rain	the fence	around the ruin
early dusk	the elderly sexton	wreathed in mist
storm on the lough	streetlamps on seaview	lit by sunrise
laid at the feet	of a cat,	all the alps
first snow...	filling the emptiness	of a curled leaf
equinox	again you speak	of leaving
wild persimmon	autumn sun fills	the last leaf
island morning fog	the spruce tree and wooden bench	web-conected
chill wind	the windowsill tomato	still warm
new year's snow	the tracks of creatures	that went by in the night
mountain sunset	an eagle rides	the downslope wind
crossroads	the wind takes my hair	the other way
new moon	the night watchman	goes unseen
in the chair	the cat curls up	in my warmth
where the maple stood	a shroud	of sunlight
the things	we never did	undertow
winter solstice	the barbed wire fence	furry with frost
year end	a boat accompanies	the river to the sea
november sunset	a galaxy of crows	quench the twilight
receding surf...	for every clamshell	a sandy wake
some in, some out	of the ebbing tide...	the morning oystercatchers
september wind	a better view	of compost bins
stooping on the edge	of autumn	purple river grass
country fair	cornsilk at the feet	of the hucksters
spring equinox	two pines leaning	into each other
end of a stalk	the caterpillar climbs	a ladder of air
sun fringed clouds	a carrion crow struts	from sleeper to sleeper
horses stand in morning frost	one apart stares	at the space between
mountain stillness	an empty chrysalis	fills with sunlight
summer morning	every other post	has its crow
early frost	the fragrance of pine	on fire
cold rain...	the fishermen wade deeper	into the lake
winter chill	a bull ant climbs	the flame tree
autumn breeze	spider's web	convex... concave
the open gate	to an empty field	country graveyard
christmas eve	swaddled in the busker's case	a fiddle
full flower moon	a soft-shelled crab	emerges from itself
dry season	each cowherd's song	to the well
birdsong before dawn	all the lives	i've lived
moonflower	the baby's hand	closes around air
freezing rain	beading	on the blackbird's back
hot wind	a pine cone waddles	to the pond
morning after	all my empties	full of sun
milky way	the light from one farm	stretches down the valley
new moon	changing the photo	inside her heart locket
asylum window	a woman scrapes	the ice flowers
so cold	those winter stars	so close
something adrift	beyond the break	gibbous moon
snowdrop stems	a little longer today	the warming sun
this long drought	tumbleweeds	still tumbling
stacking stones	for a garden wall	the weight of their age
one by one	summer raindrops	darken the pavement
summer rain	each corner drips	to its own tempo
her texted outrage	sent	with a well placed tap
reincarnation lecture	i could see her dress	in a quilt
her fingers move	as if counting...	dusk light
spring equinox	the clack	of marbles
closing day	vine tomatoes	warm my hands
answering a question	with a question	hermit thrush
new carnival	the fortune teller	asks the way
lake trout rising	to fire flies	among the stars
circle of leaves	the dog finally catches	his tail
a black split	down the boulder's center	...end of winter
abandoned trailer lot	first snow	covers the television set
an ocean	between us	ripe mulberries again
yard sale	the empty fishbowl	still wet
cloud light	the cows turned out	in the harvested field
evening snow	the dark turns	lighter
the youngest	so far from home	evening star
bulldozer	a yellow caterpillar	in its tracks
receding thunder...	one bullfrog	then another
daybreak	between mist and pond	a loon's wake
autumn rain	on the headstone	his name darkens
spider silk	broken starlight	between pines
christmas hymns	the lady beside him	robustly tone deaf
crack of thunder	a vee of geese	breaks
sweet pea vines	the skilled hands	of my wife
plum blossoms falling...	her fingers lift	from the braille
crescent moon...	a horseshoe crab	returns to the sea
mom's old farm	the gentle curve	of the earth
airing the house	i hear the men far away	tilling fields
sweltering heat	a black and yellow field spider	bundles a grasshopper
deserted church	the yew's shadow moves	in a pew
another spring	his bottle of after shave	still on the shelf
wood's edge	stepping inside	the sound of the river
rising sun	the sunflowers'	dark heads
youngest daughter	passing through	the willow shoots
vernal pool	the hardy lily cradles	a young sun
birdsong	a shovel leans	in the snow
smoker's lounge	everyone leaves behind	a bit of ash
lifting fog	the cormorant	on his rock
sunlit steps	a church elder prods	the sleeping dog
midday heat	milk cows chew their cuds	under the oak trees
morning moon	the soap bar floating	just barely there
day moon	the girls next door	spin hula hoops
the surrounding city...	slate headstones tilted	every which way
overgrown thicket	the intersection	of old stone walls
first spring day	the same little nest	of faded twigs
a wave	passing waves	full moon
chasing pigeons	a little girl releases	her father's hand
the stone cutter's yard	polished granite blocks reflect	a blossoming peach
the pallbearers	last year's acorns	crunch underfoot
mountain rain	the rising magpie's	bloodied bill
killing frost	all day a steady rain	of yellow leaves
divorce day	no more staples	in our gun
metal roof	the alternating feet	of a magpie
summer's end...	a float and line dangle	from the pine
sudden shower	the steel underbelly	of a bridge
winter sunset	their argument's	long shadows
road work	three crows study	a pavement reflector
blowing through the holes	of the nomad's flute	autumn wind
missing face	of the snowman	pleiades
back-to-back blizzards	under one of those mounds	a stone buddha
the colour	of the hill	pioneer graves
snow-viewing	with a stranger	the silence between us
old cat	catching birds	with her eyes
early autumn	under the old pear tree	scent of brandy
spring cleaning	just ahead of the broom	a long legged spider
lavender stalk	the weight of one	butterfly
adrift	in an old rowboat	i follow the moon
stillness	one cicada	across the lake
a pale moth	clings to the screen	september rain
old cemetary	the broken iron gate	never closed
a solitary walk	among stubbled fields	the first star
always a few steps	ahead of me	grasshopper
groundhog day	six more springs until	my social security
after the rain	each leaf has caught	a bit of sky
my closet	it keeps so many	of my single socks
falling asleep	the rythmn of her breath	on my forearm
sunlit clouds	snow in every crack	of stone buddha
morning fog	joining our gardens	the scent of lavender
winter stars	a faint snore	from the bedroom
raindrops	on the leaves of sunflower	po-tan, po-tan
pleasantly drunk...	fireflies come out	of the moon
study window	still missing the green spider	that lived in it
fluttering	in the spider's web	a butterfly wing
left out overnight	the child's cup filled up	with snow
in the shoebox	photos	from a different life
neighbour's cat	the cicada in its teeth	keeps singing
quiet pier	the milky way spills	into the sea
shorter days	the wind carries	butterflies
morning fog	the muffled sound	of the train
late autumn	a tea leaf in my cup	opens up
only a junco's wing	this small snow-blizzard	from the lilac
moment of rest	wind	and scarecrow
morning sun	the first	red maple
early thaw	last year's potatoes	sprout in the hutch
winter evening	the house cat sinks its teeth	deeper into me
carrying the harvest	rhythm	of her hips
a buzzing bumble bee	dandelion fluff covers	the ripe blackberry
frigid night	a drip in the sink	fills the whole house
cool morning	a caterpillar asleep	under buddha's ear
lakeside	the irises find their color	at dusk
traveling exhibit	a spider in	the bonsai tree
lovers looking up	not kissing	spring moon
house for sale	the pear tree in blossom	we make an offer
harvest moon	the horizon between here	and hereafter
heart failure	folding the sails	before nightfall
november darkness	only the tick	of the engine cooling
morning sun	a lone crow scatters	frost from the pine
noon	a quiet bell	reflects the sun
her new wig	the fir trees	shed their snow
enamelled top	my son's smile spins	around the floor
sun-dried grasses	quietly, the sparrows	whirr as i pass
almost dawn	a heron fluffs the stillness	into itself
bushfire smoke...	yachts on the lagoon	have no masts
heavy surf	too many moons	to count
carrying sunlight	the wings	of a dragonfly
a calf born today	lies still	as a burlap bag
collecting...	for the dead miners	wild violets
aftershock	across the tiles	peppercorns roll
a moment before sunrise	ice singing	beneath the swans' feet
3 a.m.	the obverhead fan	clicks clicks clicks
he leaves in an ambulance	the chrysanthmum buds	closed tight
a field in bloom	the foal's tracks	follow the mare's
his father's death...	shadows of raindrops	on the window ledge
fallen leaf	the stream carrying	another silence
liquidambar	already my toddler's hair	darkening
full moon at motuhoa	stingrays	cloud the evening tide
soft mist...	a mother cups	her baby's head
half light	the river scarred	by a heron
summer flood	my father wades	through the stars
moonlight	the stream flows from shadow	to shadow
day moon	hoof prints litter	the beach track
putting on	her faded levi's	the undertaker
weather change	the first child	meets her sister
leaving your home	kowhai flowers	flick off my windscreen
twilight	a tui mimics	a tui
friend's funeral	a stranger uses	her teapot
low tide	exploring the rock pools	a green plastic fish
bring 'n buy	my wife swaps	life stories
arriving home	on census night	so many stars
conversion	the sun	falls between goalposts
one toheroa	over the limit	low winter moon
beside the	'high fire risk' sign	a blaze of montbretias
sleeping horse	angled bones lean	into the summer sun
alcatraz manacles of kelp
quince blossoms	he stops	the chemo
alone now	no ruby slippers	to take me home
thousands of feet of darkness above us sleeping swifts
lullaby	meteorites flash	beneath heavy lids
tall grass a hand drowning in snow waves
midsummer	under a leaf	hidden from
alphabet soup	i practice cradling love	in a stainless spoon
sauteed fiddleheads	dinner begins	with grace
overnight the spider's mathematics
nightfall	no decision	required
nautical chart	i touch the depth	of my mother's ashes
slave quarters...	the shapes of their shadows	in this dust
shades of blue...	the deer's remaining eye	cradled by bone
winter dusk	my grief released	from the crow's throat
formation of geese	a log opens	to the woodsman's maul
i seem to be	an intermittent shadow...	summer clouds
bitter wind	the towhee's song	three notes short
falling leaves	the clang of horseshoes	in the crisp air
spattering rain the pulse in a sparrow's throat
weathered rail	all those carved names	through my hand
mice	beneath the floorboards...	all her small noises
daybreak	the scent of crushed sweetgrass	where deer have lain
the timbre	of a horse's heart	winter sea
trying to name	the color of the sun	yellow peony
mayflies	an unfinished painting	on the easel
opening the door	to an unexpected knock	the fragrance of plum
a box turtle	slowly unpacks its legs	first warm day
so few feathers left	it barely has a name	the melting snow
caravaggios	a passing cloud darkens	the skylit room
autumn wind	he wills his body	to science
drive-in movie	the car surrounded	by fireflies
woodsmoke	the last long weekend	of the summer
spring floods	i move the sink spider	to a safer spot
adult walk	a skip	in the child's step
a sudden tinkling	of the wind bell	winter stars
a redstone church	still echoing its angelus,	the red stone hills
square little windows	the laughter of women	at work inside
near sunbathers	driftwood	nearly bleached
her therapy	the basket	unwoven
man in the moon	a newsman reports	a beheading
letting go	the heart	of a sparrow
cog railway	white sky	becomes snowflakes
daffodils	a laughing girl	with rain in her shoe
wide open	the roses we leave	on the motel dresser
lantern shadows	two-teat harmony	in the milk pail
sparse shadow	of the plum tree	the pull of an old friend
hot night	at the filling station	songs of love
shop window	winter light along	the violin strings
childhood home	i park in the shade	of my cherry stone
the school bell rings...	the wings of a butterfly tremble	on the pin
followed home	by a dog i don't know	autumn dusk
blizzard day	extra brown sugar	on my oatmeal
in the gutter	a crumpled scratch card	ragweed in bloom
gathering dusk	fragments of sky between limbs	become one
solar eclipse	the rare silence	of seagulls
family secrets	a thicket full	of ripe raspberries
plum blossoms	i make plans	for my ashes
the piano hammers	barely moving...	night snow
dusklight	i read her poem	differently
first snow	my child's footprints no longer	fit inside of mine
late winter...	a king snake stretches	across the road
evening news	the soothing weight	of the quilt
snow flurries	the square dancers	do-si-do
sunglints	off falling snow	the silent no in her smile
wild berries	one training wheel lifts	round the curve
winter light	she holds the teacup	with both hands
orion rising	she reaches to loosen	the pup's collar
spring stars	washing my daughter's lipstick	off the mirror
still arguing	we swim the same river	further upstream
winter rain	finding that part of silence	which speaks to me
autumn woods	yesterday's walking stick	just where i left it
late for work	one empty space	petaled in wisteria
frozen eyes	of the just netted fish	winter rainbow
the foul ball lands	in an empty seat	summer's end
rainy day...	a crow on the bare branch	sharpens his beak
hide and seek	among the hollyhocks	august moon
winter solitude	the lima beans soaking	in half-moonlight
first light	dark limbs of the walnut	holding their snow
rumors of war	up into a darkening sky	a child's newsprint kite
summer meadow	a blade of grass	becomes a whistle
deep night...	a moth stirs	the windchime
steady snowfall...	i make hot chocolate	grandmother's way
quiet night	the watchman bends	to touch a rose
gentle rain	a shimmer of pennies	beneath the koi
tree-lined stream	the falcon rowing	through air
holding the warmth	of the afternoon sun	dandelion ridge
simmering rhubarb	mother plays ragtime	on broken keys
moonrise	a flow of shadows	along the river
bare hills	the horizon looped	between post and wire
spilling	from the sound of thunder	a raindrop
dipped oar	phosphorescence	trails the moon
summer storm	the windscreen wipers	slice our silence
ocean floor	the ribs and backbone	of the fishing boat
kitchen window	sunlight pools in	last night's dishes
dry floodplain	a billabong holds	the last light
first love	windmills turning	into dusk
hawk in flight	recycling the wind	into himself
coastal caf	she suckles in the shade of mum's	cowboy hat
spring again	birth-marks	on the snow gums
a maple leaf	touching other leaves	before the ground
he turns	his beach towel	to face mecca
temple gate	looking for the priest	in winter mist
prison cell	visiting briefly	the easter moon
breastfeeding	the slow drip of rain	on the nursery roof
misty rain	a footprint on moss	fades
rusted hinge	the butterfly's wings	close, open...
may sunset	dandelions surround	the bulging udder
shortening days	golden foliage holds	the sunlight
the coming storm	a cricket has hold	of the chevrolet
red dust road	a cattle truck reaches	the vanishing point
clickety-clack	over the old wooden bridge	loose teeth and small change
clear water	a magpie's song drops	into the pond
the cockatoo sidles	towards me    small	in its dark eye
village debris	photos of the dead	float face up
by the creek	wrens echo the rippling	over stones
bitter cold	out-of-work husband	burning things
autumn rain	his name on the stone	darkens
bush cemetery	a child's grave	beneath an evergreen
late walk	beach and moon	the same curve
back from the war	the tap he couldn't fix	still dripping
red dawn	the fisherman's hands	gutting the mullet
dust storm	the red kelpie	blending in
wide water...	flight of an osprey	shapes the evening light
new year	explosions of fireworks	how constant the stars
retirement	an op-shop dummy	wears my suit
wind in the park	picnic plates frisbee	to other blankets
storm crosses	the traveller's shadow	he marches on
day after christmas	all the fathers returning	their children
retirement home	my long-johns on the line	still jogging
distant thunder	each stroke of the oar	stirs the clouds
old dog	keeping active	in her dreams
train nap	leaning back	into a conversation
fishing before dawn	morning star caught on the line	escapes with the tide
sea spray	drifting up the cliff face	flannel flowers
landfill	yesterday's headlines	still sinking in
scenic drive	i'm interrrupted	by her snores
crickets	extinguishing	day
spring petals	leaving it to the breeze	to brush them off the page
twilight	his breath warm	as he fastens my zip
shrine under the she-oak	buddha's fingers	touch the leaf litter
all night snow	the cat burrows deep	into my dream
river sunset	cranes wade through	crimson clouds
the river	how soon our thoughts turn again	to war
spring dawn	pine needles dripping	the night away
summer storm	shorter than	my cup of tea
summer afternoon	our shadows touch	before we do
among the headstones	one small pine	bends with the wind
out of the river the silence	of posts
doorbell	my thoughts	dress up
rain fills the dam	overflowing the night	with bull frogs' chorus
winter nap	startled awake	by the sudden dark
lorikeet lands	on camellia branch	petal shower
boat harbour	an old fisherman moored	by his handline
bushfire season	from dry leaves	the crackle of lizards
half caught in a dish of stars	rising moon
rowing me upstream	the steady breathing	of wood through water
winter rain	the blind boy	on the train	calls out the stations
day moon	the odour of walnuts	on our breath
overtaken, i ride	in the slip-stream	of your after-shave
child chasing	nothings with butterfly net	catching them
sleeping cat	belly full of purrs
noon light	the stillness of fish	in a heron's eye
convalescing...	the window takes 2 hours	to cross the carpet
closing down sale	caught by moonlight	the naked dummy
forklift	a bin of oranges	catching sunlight
so lonely	the river snag	without its cormorant
chiaroscuro	the white cat in deep shade	curls deeper in
early spring	a feather blows in	the cat door
falls overlook	thinking of having	my ashes scattered
in its shade	remembering the summer	i planted this willow
squabbling	a flock of lorikeets	louder than the neighbours
filtered sunlight	a butterfly's nap	on my arm
blackbird song	my sumi-e bamboo grows	beyond the sheet
mid-puddle	the toddler discovers	his superpower
parkinson's	with care he pencils in	his wife's eyebrows
it could be nothing	it could be something	winter darkness
father's day...	the weight of his hammer	that never fit my hand
ground fog	i am certain	of nothing
sinking moon	the weight of all	my unspoken words
holly trees surround	the garden	when will i learn to forgive?
dog days	through every window	the night train's whistle
sketching the sapling	i will never see grown	the quiet woods
perseids...	oh, the weight	of all those wishes
equinox	this one tiny worm	coiling uncoiling
deep crack in the acorn morning thunder
frost-tipped blossoms	not how i thought	it would happen
white lilacs	beyond our grasp	the milky way
snow clouds	each of us seeing	someone else
afternoon fog	the dampened cries	of wild geese
unrelenting summer	a termite	tears at its wings
fallout	she said it felt lighter	than snow
bristlecone pine	finding out	about myself
at least the crow	says what he means	april rain
acacia seeds rattle	in the autumn breeze...	missing you
snowed in every inch of her
blue on blue	a dragonfly taps	the skylight
the shell's story inside the inside
clouded moon	the ocean moves	closer
in an open jar	of sage, the desert	after the rain
traveling the creek	that bears her name	my mother's ashes
ripening plums	outside our bedroom window	...and the far dawn
heat wave	mouse circling the bottom	of the rain barrel
full moon	white-barked alder leans its light	back into sky
late summer eve	white coals on the lid	of a dutch oven
fall garden	the cat's ashes	no more than a handful
christmas morning	the snowprints of the stray	who curled by our door
white towels	by a wash basin	jane doe
three-quarter moon	mandolin music	just sad enough
milky sky	an eagle's rib bones	cradle the snow
expectant father	the tender way he holds	his comic book
first robin	the bowed sapling	flings its ice
summer heat	brooding in the dark	bantam hen
funeral march	the play of raindrops	on mahogany
closed louvers	a mourning dove	filters through
shrinking snowman	the red wool scarf	loosens its grip
crows on phone lines	a new arrangement	every few caws
sun dogs	on the winter horizon...	another body count
midwinter sermon	hardened drops of varnish	on the pews
hurricane	the taste of rain	from a barrel
winter light	chickens scratch at	their pale shadows
sea turtle	one thousand miles	his eye on a star
sculpture garden	a spider web deep	in cleavage
mountain pass	headlights on the edge	of a thunderhead
the faint pulse	of out-of-tune strings	winter light
baton raised...	a moth spirals	into the silence
jar of tadpoles	two shadows swim off	the candle-lit table
summer wind...	sailing the length	of the moon's reflection
precipice	the ascending cry	of an osprey
a banner flaps	in the autumn wind...	everything must go!
winter fog	everything familiar	unfamiliar
the sound of breaking waves	on a moonless night	distant friend
slow bend in the river	he comes around	to my point of view
hot night the length of a siren
dislodged	from its tangle of branches	beaver moon
among her things	my birthday newspaper	deepening snow
salmon thrashing	near the base of their ladder	we stop holding hands
bus stop	a pregnant woman picks	at flaking paint
family reunion	the wind takes a paper plate	into the lilacs
deer emerge	from the snowy woods	tea grown cold
traveling, too,	on a seat by the window	green melons
sugar moon rising	the wail of a midnight train	takes me home again
church memorial	celebrating her long life	creak of grasshopper
open cellar door	faint voice of a grasshopper	lulls baby to sleep
tales of our wildness	sets off cycles of laughter	clinking iced coffee
first sun barely up	the clatter of black-eyed peas	poured into a pot
new yar's reunion	once again grandfather gets	the coin in the cake
from the bare hilltop,	watching migrating raptors.	how far will they go?
sharing a silence	under tonight's sugar moon	the old dog and i
from a stiff clothesline	black long underwear flapping;	amish washing day
decades in l.a.	the baggage i still carry...	longjohns in my drawer
drinking iced coffee	i check the yes box to be	an organ donor
first sun of the year	a street workman disappears	into a manhole
through the bay window	a sugar moon pours itself	into jelly jars
frost-covered window	i add a rubber ducky	to the buddle bath
under the table	my knee touches my grandson's	the lengthening days
restless autumn sea	remnants of fukushima	arrive at our shores
your share of our life	fits neatly into boxes...	sky swallows return
making bean soup for	my old mother and humming	the songs she once hummed
reaching summer's end	a newspaper boat sets sail	for the horizon
rising harvest moon	a tractor's headlights heading	down a distant road
spattered and faded	his index card recipe	of navy bean soup
year of the dragon	my future mother-in-law	slips me her room key
an eighth grader's voice	changes during announcements	these lengthening days
with lengthening days	the sound of the dog's toenails	on a hardwood floor
the familiar cough	of the neighbor's old chevy	winter solitude
munitions worker	staggaring home from the pub	dark billowing cloud
persimmon fabric	folded in tissue paper	mother's kimono
finding her letter	in his old leather jacket	winter solitude
early morning light	gently your hand sweeps away	new year's confetti
the billowing cloud	metastasized with lightning	chemotherapy
on a dark highway	merging with darkening sky	winter solitude
jet contrail blending	into a billowing cloud	vet's burial day
winter solitude	no spark of recognition	in mother's brown eyes
sweeping up new year's	confettianother day	of rigamarole
snuffing out candles	just for the joy of their scent	winter solitude
we wade our way in	japantown festivities	persimmon pudding
fallen persimmon	but i recall the green one	my father gave me
new year's confetti	the accordion player	leans back on his heels
galloping a horse	right up a hill right into	the billowing clouds
an old pond!	a frog jumps in-	the sound of water.
a beautiful weed	sprouting in the summer sun...	happy, but alone
great japan!	where a bird sings	the lotus sutra
it's 4:10 am	i can't think straight, and much less...	count syllables
bust out pda...	what do i see on the screen?	broken lcd!
salty blue water	waving to the sandy shore	a roller coaster
a single grain of dust	at the mercy of the wind...	the life of a man
the old hand	swats a fly	already gone
here so late at work.	must not abandon kevin.	tired unity!
short summer night.	a dewdrop	on the back of a hairy caterpillar.
do caterpillars	think butterflies beautiful?	find your own cocoon
flowers bloom and die	wind brings butterflies or snow	a stone won't notice
gamer's eyes light up	but, alas, he soon finds out	there's another stage
house of grass widow's-	only in the neighborhood	roosters cry the dawn
worker bees can leave	even drones can fly away	the queen is their slave
evening snow falling,	a pair of mandarin ducks	on an ancient lake.
corner spider	rest easy, my soot-broom	is idle
in a new bucket	the same water...	looks so fresh!
absorbing the warmth,	reflecting the summer's light:	chenresig statue.
night comes with a chill	the party's over for now	until the next time...
moon behind the clouds -	the mother nursing  the twins	in deepest darkness
lotus leaves in the pond	ride on water.	rain in june.
warm, calm summer night	can't see the whole monitor...	kitty's limp, bent paw
roses of pure white	scenting the warm summer air	a sweet confection
tunnel through the fog-	the dying man's wide open eyes	seek for a icon
without just one nest	a bird can call the world home	life is your career
even wild roses	of a downtrodden land	reach enlightenment
looking, looking	at the mandarin orange...	year's first calligraphy
the distant mountain	reflected in his eyes...	dragonfly
a hot night's pilgrimage	with song...	zenko temple
gathering storm clouds	blanket the grey horizon	now walk into them
blue car on the street	didn't see the leaveless twig
serving me all day,	constantly rubbing my hand:	my spiral notebook.
suddenly, a light	at the end of the tunnel:	the moon in the sky
a hole in the clouds-	the sun has  send its light to	a cherry in blossom
tiny crystals melt	shimmering in the spring sun	natures transition
so why the plunder,	this is our only home,	worship the planet.
perhaps time is spent	better when working on	your own web site. ha!
mountain song	wind blows	natures music
my cat queen	motion poet	velvet pads
a mother nursing-	here's the white line of life twining	this hearthes
hanging on the rope-	lost among the old clothes	the moon's kimono
sweat pours down my face.	fifty hours and counting.	still more work to do...
hunted by the cat	with unparalleled vigor:	tiny little ant!
ideas may run out	then i will have naught to write	string together words
eighteen holes ahead	the ground is covered in leaves	great things are to come
not the shadow of a ghost...	only a pedigree dog	look for its master
skiing down the mountain	'cause of the fog, i can't see	where the path is smooth
thick rain drops splash down...	students scurry with their stuff	as august closes.
two years of mourning	vanish	a playful kitten
hazy, tired head	remnants of the night before	summer-autumn air
together we sleep	surrounded by things that don't	the campfire keeps watch
sparrow parents too	bring their children...	zenko temple
if people ask	and dewdrops answer	is the lesson learned?
breathing virgo air,	laying sprawled across the bed...	night shuts his mind off.
long winter days and nights	sleepless nights ahead	newborn baby cries.
life is so boring	but one will have to live it		either me or you
snow rain snow rain snow	i forgot the construction	buffalo weather
haiku can be fun	but it can take much work	like coding java
as autumn descends	one man is unaffected:	he's called "mega man"
the old, dying tree	doesn't care what the leaves think...	they will come again
like a waterfall,	the yang breath just pushes on...	even in autumn!
men's mouths gossip	just like a woman's	just shorter words
walk like a goddess...	but remember that my foot	cannot see you there.
basho's death-day
apple blossom pink	opening unto the world	peaceful is the view
delicate sweet flower	growing with the wind	soft summer breeze
do you still feel	birds and squirrels on your limbs...	sleeping, leaveless tree?
flowers in autumn:	like a mother too well dressed	for the occasion
awakened again,	the first work day of the year...	sleeping white kitty
winter morning traffic	on a car window	a girl draws a garden
this twilight moment...	hope in the covering of	a persimmon sky
reading suzuki,	my mind grows hot, like the air...	all my haikus suck!
hot, he's on his back...	how do i look upside down,	little black kitty?
morning energy,	only early do i strive.	day fades. life drains. sleep.
summer is over	but fall has not yet begun...	custodial sounds
young soldiers	a field of ripened wheat	bends in autumn wind
preschool	the lower panes	rubbed frost free
christmas lists	slightly to starboard	tree stand compromise
sweaty hand on mouse	for a moment i forget	i'm not a cleric
when will it become	a cricket's nest?	my white hair
warrior kneeling	just ten paces from the king	candles see the truth
half-inch piece of chalk	sitting unused in the tray	never used again
a snake curls around	the sound of its hiss	high mountain meadow
a new love story:	laid on the widow's shoulders	wispy bride's veil
alone here, i type	rapbot lives glorious now	spits mad crazy shit
dancing in the trees...	two primates argue over	green destiny sword.
spring departs.	birds cry	fishes' eyes are filled with tears
ouch! pinch from below.	toothy black furry creature	thinks not of my size.
laughing bouncy ball	shines bright across the playground	rain clouds disappear
unaware the tree	is destined for the axe...	nest building
i am just a man,	a simple and humble man,	a man of colors.
a student arrives,	early like the rest of us...	air conditioned room
ruler of the mac	i think not foolish old man	for i have admin privs
an acorn	striking the roof	squirrel chatter
ghost of the flame	wreathing around	the now cool wick
they pronounced me dead	even though i dance and sing.	i am poetry.
deep in my own thoughts,	girl blocks my way off the bus.	bump! out of my way.
sometimes when you're mad,	people start to seem smaller.	the eyes of the hulk.
window drips grey light	frowning children walk to school	early autumn day
light rain starts to fall	this half-alive summer day...	left ear all plugged up!
some want it snow white	others want it to be pitch black	why not make it gray?
opening my hand	i return the moth	to  the  darkness
a glowworm affixed	on the clown's red shovel-nose:	the moon's glowing light
majestic dragons	spread their incandescent wings,	and soar through dark skies
buffalo, denver	and yet we're the same people	life goes on i guess
our ceremony
cascading water	free fall in many degrees	a fragrant shower
empty pizza box	sitting next to garbage bins...	the vacation's end
the rain, then the wind	and where the leaves had been
look at the sea shore,	a refuge for the seashells,	i love the colors.
i can not believe	that the damn gnome does not know	what is a sobe?
items from our work	are the subject of many	poems on this here site.
through the mall i run,	firing off my machine gun,	people think im nuts!
snowstorm in the field-	from the fear, over the long night,	my hair become white
only a lonely song	in the emptiness of night-	the crunch of the snow
to feel nothingness...	in evening when the nightingale	became dumb
the snow is falling	blanketing the ground in white	will it ever stop
all your base are be-	long to us. you are on the	way to destruction.
a stray cat	excreting	in the winter garden.
a autumn wind	more white	than the rocks in the rocky mountain.
the beautiful girl,	danced with elegance and grace,	it is living art.
amazing nature!	summer through a pane glass door...	cats at stairs' bottom.
mighty hurricane	doesn't care it's a school day	violent summer
can not i vote more?	i click once, and it goes up	yet, more do nothing
empty the water	but do not set off alarm	or the police come.
bottle of purell	brings memories of summer...	chilly air tonight.
at the four way stop	our insistent politeness	annoys each other
underground river	blind albino ducks	bob on black ripples
after the northe wind	broken in the same drama	lie people and tree
leaving the graveyard...	tens of coffins at the gate	waiting for custom
show in the open air:	some nightingales' arias	supporting the sky
the bare maple tree...	never would she guess, in death,	she'll be a table
listen to the sound	poised on a tender rose	the warmth of my tears
for one day	smile	and mean it.
yummy yummy cake	chocolate cake is superb	now it is all gone
it's burning like fire	it's burning inside of me	i can't control it
only trust in death	dreams often make fools of us	reality kills
lazy saturdays	always avoiding showers	i'll clean up sunday
winter snow falling	houses covered in white fluff	fireplaces glow at night
winter and spring	summer with sunlight once again	silver autumn moon.
weblogs can be fun	however with no update	they do get old fast
as i sit zazen	the soul of jack kerouac	sits down beside me.
buddha and christ meet	on a cloud high in heaven	both needing a rest
can you fall in love	with one look into their eyes?	answers will appear.
one day it's too cool	the next day it's far too hot	miss california
"come, spring!	come, old man!"	the pigeon coos
the air shimmers.	whitish flight	of an unknown insect.
being awake	he says he is already asleep.	autumn chilly night.
i've nothing to do,	my hand lives to please you all.	eyes of a kitty.
doom on one machine,	haikus on the other one...	lunch break in summer.
rain stifles the heat,	two more days 'til classes start.	the cats will miss me.
a man without love,	is a man without a soul,	a man without hope.
worship a woman,	she bares the seeds of all life,	love her forever.
grey noon	a lone seagull	flying inland
the door covered	by shade of mulberry tree-	do i open it?
way of traveller-	a chicory field reaches	the horizon line
stars up in the sky-	next to me on the grassland	just a firefly
sun is burning now,	burning here and burning there	do you feel the warmth?
i don't understand	i can't reason with it	and i never will
when he stops thinking,	he's still breathing, in and out
blankets of white snow	become waves of bold heat	as seasons grow old
the earth is shaking	water is rushing ashore	there is nothing left
smile hides everyhting	it's deep and shallow	it can kill someone
the sun bright	scorched the moon	away
run quiet and swift	evil senses noise and haste	never stop to breathe
a halo of mist	comes over the rising sun:	an autumn morning
a warm summer night,	on my bed i meditate...	colors go away.
linux shall rule soon	it will overcome gates	but now it still grows
a crystal clear night-	the pearl-diver in the depth	by the naked moon
solar eclipse-	a gaping crowd of people	all watching the sky
it's so much slowly	the shadow of the great temple	on a blade of grass
grey group is the best	so are the mint and green group	so prize are given
after a big rain,	appear a pretty rainbow	how nice the skies is
love is lost	snow falls	it's all the same
as the seasons change	love is lost	what can be done
i will go on	alone but not	friends are with me
bright moon rises	dark water shines	poor man's paradise
the helicopter	hovers above me	m60 shells destroy
old woman alone	never creating attachments	life is like a dream
man who looks into life	too much	overlooks it
silence eternal	a thousand birds beauty	supressed by mind
typewriters are great	to press the keys, what a joy	the ding of the bell.
stripe a golden flash	body cuts between green blades	a tail left writhing
all the butterflies	flapping their wings inside me.	longing to escape.
green moss on the wet roof;	springy shimmering soggy	starlings' comfy bed
botton of the heart-	even the dust of grave feels	the homing pigeon
cold. in the first line	having  as weapon their innocence,	the young people
hot summer-	an ant hid	under a leaf
forever thirsty	some people drinking from my cup,	i taste the clinking...
lime trees in blossom	incensing the monastery-	resurrection's day
light like by day time...	the moon happily nestling	in yesterday's snow
awake	before the alarm clock	listening to pigeons cooing
winding road at dusk	the logger slows down	for a deer
the samurai's sword	coated in blood of humans	samurai fight on
the elegant crane	it seems to drift like a dream	seems lighter than air
walking through the woods	how it seems so peaceful here	surrounded by life
sparkling fall leaves	baby panda takes first steps	each day is a gift
struggling conger ant	-icipating a view more	likely a pastie
numb, useless, worthless	fading to oblivion	nothingness i breathe
so early for snow	the poeple are unprepared	disaster follows
as heartbeats hasten	a butterfly emerges...	my glee takes flight too
as heartbeats hasten	a butterfly emerges...	glee takes flight too
unfortunate words	can't won't shouldn't didn't	the saddest in life.
churches sit empty,	their songs of praise now silenced.	time for rocks to sing.
karen waits for me,	sitting in her plainview home.	three months til i'm there.
i hear the songbird	it is calling to me, but	i am deaf to it.
now the wanderers	they follow the lonely path	but they are happy
i am spirit and	i am soul. i am wonder.	i am your true self
woodpecker tapping	on the forest glockenspiel;	tympanic oak clunk
high up in the air	upon a carpet of grey clouds...	the plane leaves a trail
crabs fallen in love	combing the trees of the moon-	waves after waves
beautiful orchard-	i gather the summer past	from the ripe pears
summer evening-	at the window some butterflies	criss-crossing the moon
full moon is rising	parishioner's pious prayer	without votive light
the feeling ends	i don't know why	spring returns
my writing flows	as my heart pours	my spirit soars free
blades clash against blades	arrows pierce sodden armor	and peace was no more
darkness envelops	the enemy is unseen	yet he walks onward
porcelain toilet	ice cold beer and a corndog	i don't miss the sand
the rain pouring down	floods his home until he floats..	then a bird eats him
the cricket season	boundaries marked  -  razor-wire	round the clubhouse roof
furious mother	dressed only in a towel  -	giggling from the woods
looking through the glass	you can see the sun rise up	to greet a new day
leaves waving	summer breezes, autumn gales	good-bye. leaves.
warm day spaced head	everyone is talking strange	pollen fills my skull.
why are they afraid	of that little spider's web	broken easily
the world spends millions	on ways to entertain us	while we sit and starve.
white clover	moth lands -	stalk bends
no mistaking it	i must step on the fallen	to follow my dream
only a ladybird	on a leaf in the sun-	the gardian's park
a straw is burning-	over there after our death,	we shall meet again
a single snowdrop is	rising in the furtive way-	this snow-white triumph	in last night in furtive way,	this white triumph
after the sunset,	the field filled up to sky...	chockfull of crickets
under the burden	of its own heavy color,	dahlia in bloom
not to die, guilty?	fallen soldiers overlook	old men in afghans
back into the fog	amidst the red-wood oak trees	this; meditation
...in a borrowed coat	he has new letters	after his name  -  widower
my brain is a box	full of small seagull feathers	ask me a question.
the dalai lama	chants my mind into a dream	om can clear my thoughts.
wake up one morning	note on the bedside table	my girlfriend is gone
cloudy summer day	the bees are buzzing loudly	a hammock beckons
my chinese sister	is more beautiful than jade	caught in a sunbeam.
green frog in the road	can't decide it's direction.	look at the dead frog!
turn on your tv.	watch a reality show	where no one is real.
your kiss	(and chocolate)	my addictions
nature is a girl	an extremely pretty girl	she's really liked
porcelain toilet	ice-cold beer and a corndog	i don't miss the sand
i called to the wind,	"who's there?... whoever it was	still knocks at my gate.
peace eternity freedom love banana       hilarious
orange morning moon	hangs above neighbours roof top	i fall back to sleep.
black woodburning stove	keeps me warm on a cold night	thank you to the tree.
dreaming in the night	i awake thinking of you	echoes from my soul.
blackberries shrivel	spider webs stick in hair
dead grey cement chunk	crumbled from the ha-ha wall	whitewashed by swallows
bent leafy arrow	of ilkley bracken fallen	among picnickers
solitary dream	wandering over the hill...	a poor traveller
against the mountains	peaks and troughs of turmoiled sea	lay flat before me.
the summer shade shifts,	in a momentary time	of june and quiet.
russian mobsters,	brooding over	chessboards -
building now rubble,	bruce banner	got angry!
i'm a grain of dust	in the mercy of the wind...	my single eternite
october's blood moon	internal tides ebb and flow	the world is in flux
like a winter dream	kittens jump in snowflakes	look-mother now smiles!
mountain path leads there	but somehow i got stuck here	along the wrong path
sirius shining	i see her through the window	eight light years away.
we did a bootsale	it was the first one this year	people like seagulls
my wheels stuck in mud	to break free impossible	please, someone help me.
incessant dark rains	dismal and monotonous-	pushes to dry hills
a little flower	watching the wonderful moon	set into the dawn
the animals sit	making the only loud noise	is raging thunder
dream fragment in sun;	the light-embedded day blue,	rolling off the night.
our dialogue strains	in minutes to the day's clock;	nighttime alarmums.
melancholia,	and the subtle shift of dusk;	darkly dropping night.
a harsh winter wind	comes through my heart strings blowing	into emptiness
unfathomable:	our empty day of language,	and thoughts for the night.
hungry sparrows flit	on the empty bird feeder,	light snow on the ground
birds chirping a lot	people singing all the time	birds are going south!
the sun lifts its warmth	sitting here in emptyness	falling in the cloud
get rid of clutter	i find it rests my thinking	the moon and i zen
my back gives pain	i learn to loose dignity	to stand is to cry.
i write my haiku	by candlelight in my bed	so quiet outside.
where is the full moon	hidden by mist and tall trees	vivid in my mind.
i dream of a room	it was a makeshift home	i talk to myself.
the wonderous moon	sitting on the horizon	waiting for morning
the wind blowing hard	but the leaves make no sound	which guides the spirit
the spirit guides you	through the wonderous forest	the forest of life
the wind is angry	howling with furiousnes	for the days coming
from the warm distance	of decades in your smile,	you appear to me.
tinkling key stroke blues	washed out in fleets of summer;	the gray sunday float.
identity shouts	through a forest fog of language;	self-affirmation.
disillusionment,	shadowed up in the new year;	fragmentary blues.
murky mess of thought,	twitching in the unconscious;	submerged energy.
chance encounters lie	dormant in the daily air;	time's foggy grayness.
traveling home now	through the gray-backed wash of day,	rain on the highway.
a purple cherry tree	points west to the rounded hills;	east wind in summer.
in luminous night;	familiar moon reflects-	on the unknown sea.
above the ripple	and squall of deep troubled sea-	glides a flying fish.
field of grass and weed...	beautiful beyond the wire;	only beside trees.
full of pink and gray,	still leafless from the winter.	galahs in the oak.
jealous fits the rage	of daylight sour time saved	for the winking night.
pink tissue floating	in a white toilet bowl -	spring . . .
the bees are buzzing.	beautiful flowers are here.	the flowers smell good.
the season of love	snow blankets the mountain side	i stare with full heart
delicate, lacy	butterfly gently touches	silently away
keep out sign on path	flowers steadily spreading	never learned to read
pretty purple rose	along the water coast line	with a sweet smell occurs
heavy wind and rain,	the drop of watery time	on a windowpane.
broken line of geese	high in the gray autumn sky,	fly on despite loss
splashing home from school	in yellow raincoats, children	laugh under dark skies
frozen blowing white,	and all our plunging lifetimes	twitch in winter cold.
separate words fall,	down gray days of rainy past	and fragmented thought.
leaf rides sutumn stream	trout regrets its slow passing	hungry wait til spring
clouds sit still above	mountains stir a placid sea	nature's beauty glows
a murder of crows	sit on a rickety fence	waiting for something
two girls sitting in	the park ignore the light rain,	zen meditation
moon over the snow	do the dogs scare the coyotes	or coyotes the dogs
days the hours make	in seconds to our prompting,	haphazard moment.
shadowy distance,	the hectoring hurt of day	in a flat echo.
broken glass and all,	i wait behind the mirror	for a tweek of sun.
realization:	time's accidental moments,	my limitations.
frozen blowing white,	and all our plunging lifetimes	twitch in winter cold.
sunrise gray to white	midday black limbs shadow snow	sundown blue returns
ordinary talk,	the squirm of conversation:	nothing much is said.
opportunities,	diminished in passing time:	our lost narrow years.
unpredictable:	the chaos of streaming years,	in a moment's time.
twenty-five small jade	buddhas sit in the window	waiting to be bought
winter aproaches	working years are finishing	spring will not return
yellow jelly beans,	yum yum yum,	so much lemony flavor,
water drips down,	from pans own hand,	as it rains upon us,
phantom flame,	a warm wicker,	beauty of the dark night,
mass marketing,	subliminal messages,	what has the media come to,
armor clad samurai,	win back honor,	plunge tanto into chest,
men walk down the moonlit path,	kimonos dangling,	like pagan gods,
    	    	(can u read this)?
the sun is very bright,	while we sit there in the light,	the sun is setting.
hi peoples ,gay ha	hahahahahahaha	hehehehehe
cold morning sun -	thin frost	on a sparrows wing
warped by fire	the wheelie bin carcase	still smoulders
the day cracks laughter	in fragmented finite time,	our shifting moments.
daytime fit of rage	in a flat failing moment:	cubicle tantrum.
enigmatic you,	treading the elusive day	away from me now.
common mystery:	the thrust of hidden meanings	i don't understand.
the day cracks laughter,	in fragmented finite time	and shifting moments.
shadowy distance,	the hectoring hurt of day	in a flat echo.
dream fragment in sun:	the light-embedded day blue,	rolling off the night.
dissatisfaction:	the yawning stretch of worktime,	in afternoon space.
neighbor shot my dog	claimed he killed all his chickens	today they came back
snows force elk downhill	farmer drives elk to mountain	no place left to starve
small tree by big house	days weeks months seasons and years	small house by big tree
pheasant regal on drifts	strutting he oversees all	sometimes he breaks through
to him beautiful	lived, loved, cared, raised family	she forgets his name
inexplicable:	all the sensory data	of a brief lifetime.
blood pours from mouth,	the undead is back,	rise of a vampire,
the water stands still,	as the wind flows over the hill,	then again, were camping
pearl light, on cold shore,	lights up the indigo sand;	i can see my way home.
everyone is talk-	ing and we need to stop to	pass this class today
time comes in trial	steeps of meandering thought,	fractal memories.
morning ritual,	the day's greeting between us:	no intimacy.
melancholia	and the subtle shift of dusk,	darkly dropping night.
identity shouts	through a forest fog of language:	murky mess of thought.
the summer shade shifts,	in a momentary time	of june and quiet.
vending machines,	so many snacks,	so much diversity,
bullet fly high,	out of long tubes,	like birds of lead,
the ugly old crone,	the poet prodigy,	and the dreamer unite,
golden sun,	pitch black moon,	the gods of day and night,
feels so good,	let it all out,	bad day on potty,
dragonfly,	crystal eyes,	flutter in the sky,
the snake awakens,	as a cry cuts through the night,	from a far off prey.
hunting a monkey	in the forest with my bro	so crazy o so crazy.
spinning, twirling leaves.	moving around the tall trees.	fall leaves, winter comes.
summer time to play,	basketball soccer baseball,	what do you say chief?
a breeze of winter,	the wind on my face is nice,	i smell the flowers.
monkey's swing through tree"s	thowing bananas at him	hit on the head dead!
sleeping beaver smells	bad, very bad, it kills humans	dead guys smell bad too
bow moves so fast	through trees and through the leaves	hitting the target
the sun is bright today,	moring due glimers on the tall grass,	for it is still morning,
sun is shinning bright,	morning due on the tall grass	for it is still morn.
milk milk lemonade,	in the ocean fish living,	they are so happy.
the breeze in the trees,	fast and cool when it hits me,	makes me shake my knees,
the summers day comes,	like a bundle of roses,	floating on a pond.
the sun is so bright,	shinning on the ground this morn,	its so beautiful.
the sun is yellow	the grass is very bright green	and is very clean
water could be deep,	the water may be vicious,	yet it stops the heat,
the nature calls me ,	there is something dangerous,	i should not be scared
i sit on a boat	something "wow" catches my eye	wondering what the	..
little birds fly far,	but big birds fly close to us,	the birds go away.
summer brings the sun	how we wish winter was done	but fall is so fun
fish swim under lake	yum yum delicious fish bake	now in my stomach
yo wut iz haiku	is it sumtin dat you do	well wat do you do
i love pizza	do u love pizza?	i love pizza!
haikus	suck	ma meatloaf
hobos are really	on mondays, and tuesdays they	are with a guitar
cody wants to be	a hobo during school days	he will break your fall
people are trying	to go to the bath-	room and they won't go
wind is strong tonight	large wildfires could start tonight	turn up the tv
sleep beckons	the far grey country	beyond clouds
email flashes up	sullen workload increases	endless lines and lines
our dialogue strains	in minutes to the day's clock:	smiling alarums.
from the warm distance	of decades in your smile,	a winking night's dream.
tinkling key stroke blues,	washed out in fleets of summer:	the gray sunday float.
the days and hours fall,	in drops of watery time:	morning finitude.
greedy man,	steal steal steal,	mad with power,
last battle of a long war,	the one that decides it all,	the thrill of the fight,
man in white robe,	hung on lowercase t,	my first look at christianity,
i'm da bomb,	da samuri pirat,	communicating with urban hipsters,
something not spoken,	taboo's are not to be told,	make no exceptions.
summer is so fun	summer you can laugh and play	summer is the best
spring will never come	it is always snow, snow, snow	snow, please go away.
the hobo frets fast	in a desert, very vast	then he burst in flames
wind whistling hard	through the trees, waking my dreams	turn over to sleep
light is shining bright	glowing like stars in the sky,	oh my! it is night!
earth, wind, water, fire	these can all be a desire	only one can win.
we need to end school.	it has gone on for so long.	it is summer time.
i hate the winter	its way too cold and windy	spring and fall are best
i am like nature.	i can roar like a liger.	i will be very scary.
the hobo frets fast	in a desert,very vast	then he burst in flames
yo wut iz haiku	iz it sumtin dat you do	well wat do you do
the clouds are high sky	up there in the bright sky	the clouds are fading
glisten in the sky,	the stars, like bright topazes,	mesmerize the trees.
hobos are stupid	they often live in box cars	nobody likes them.
good morning aaron	you are quite insensible	you make bad haiku.
hobos are quite soft	so abundant on playgrounds,	they can break your fall
bronwyn is a freak	hee hee ha ha ha ha ha	freaky bronwyn help
cameron is weird	he thinks he is a basho	hee hee ha ha ha
meg is smelly poo	she smells like whiffy blue cheese	smelly meggy smells
brenzo is a bum	she smells like an old cheesepuff	no-one likes bronwyn
brenzo is stinkey	bronwyn is a cheesepuff too	brenzo is stinky
haiku addiction	paper scraps easy prey	intent poised pen waits
wording of haiku	poetry without substance	catches on the air
cold pebbles	sensations on skin	warmly now
lonely night	maq fills it nicely	of warm thoughts
the trees have the mist	smoke, fire- two bodies, one act	i but have a heart
brown innocent eyes	i shiver when i feel you	still you're far away
without you beside me	all i have is my fear	that you won't return
a campfire dims	its flames turn to dark ashes	only to light again
mahogany clouds,	racing home as darkness comes,	leaving joy to melt.
autumn, a sad dove,	flaps her wings to fly away;	i wonder where to?
i dream of summer
it was raining out	as i looked out the door	then there was thunder
cutting down the tree.	it is a long way to fall.	deforestation.
summer time is fun	so many things to do	lets go have some fun
water is cool,	water may be dangeous,	yet it stops the heat,
i need help	i need a haiuku poem about the trojan war as you as a sloider	please help!!
nighttime is coming	go to sleep weary hobo	nest in a boxcar
john bell hood is strange	his picture is in classrooms	his face is too long
we are all hobos	some of us live in boxcars	some of us do not
in the grape day park	hobos, under every tree	one strums a guitar
yay for the hobos	yay yay happy yay happy	hobos are happy
flay all the hobos	flay all the hobos alive	their hides are so thick
from the recluses  cell	the sweeat sparrows twitterings haunt	- meditaiton fled.
the poor man is like	a planet- and his desires	revolving sat'llites !
my floor is quite flat	looks asthough a vast expanc	i hate soft drink stains
sean is cool-sort of	he has lots more friends than bron	she is friendless-ha
oh skatepark, my foe	your concrete curves provide pain	oh skatepark! i cry
cody writes a lot	of haikus, and deserves to	get an award yeah
mary poppins is	here at bear valley middle	school and is very...?
if i could sail far	far away, stone vegitate,	i would happily
the trees have the mist	smoke, fire- two bodies, one act	i but half a heart
the path to heaven,	is paved with spikes and thorns but,	reaching is divine
the waters slip away	what we put off for tomorrow	must now become today
others simply walk.	you move like silk in warm air.	i you beauty dwells.
cranes dance on silk	lotus flowers on still pond	mother's kimono
evanescent dream	disintegrating castle	no longer supreme
mornings are mornings,	timeless in my tiny world,	my earth, azure joy.
ah... summer breeze ah...	she loves to make us warm	ah... summer breeze ah...
the grass is growing	or i am dwindling low	but the world wont stop
it was raining out	as i looked out the door	then i heard thunder
i love cars so much	they can go fast like lambos	and burn rubber too
i am a cool guy	i think that peoples are random	yay to the me, yeah
not as like before	why the sudden change in wind?	questioning the fall
brisk as time's pace,	wondering who i am now,	not who i once was.
the shimmering mist	on the clear smooth glass	a breath in and out
the mouse eating seed	the black cat in the grasses	life at a standstill
the pregnant lady	stared at her man's member and	remarked, "that looks fake."
bright white snow and ice.	biting bone chilling cold wind.	i made hot kale soup.
comment2, xenical,  uba, diazepam,  >:-)), buy
soundless low gray sky	air spiced with applewood smoke	fall will end tonight
atop peak all down	within valley all are up	hillside path variety
in battle with fall	winter coldly sneaks by	defeat is chilling
neighbors shoot their coyotes	mine eat the mice and gophers	mine must be better
some think horrific	on the ground, white all around	i say terrific
play table sitters,	like an old mans erection,	sad and yet funny
rainy afternoon	black dog shivers at the door	throws in the towel.
rhododendronbush:	each bud saved her flower	for this sunny spring.
colorful fall leaves fall	blowing in the pretty	calming and soothing
sarah likes to hack	computers every morning	in a the classrooms
captain mot has a	hot which he likes to wear a	lot during school days
attempted haiku	may seem contrived or may not	how about this one
oak tree bare roots up	lies broken across my path	rotting back to earth
ominous fingers	point from autumn's morning sky	heaven beckons us
i have a stick	i have a woody	where is my cactus
balls	need licking	like felt
fountain pen gliding	across silky white vellum	thoughts actualize
he stuck in his thumb	and made her cum. she was not	loud. but cum she did.
he wonders: is it	acceptable? it might be	controversial. sigh.
kittens circling	while mother searches for milk	here comes there owner
swallowing the bait	catfish hooked on ten pound test	no dinner tonight.
honeybees browsing	on the flowering hostas	even in this heat.
oceans of light spill	like rice wine from lips which have	kissed the rising sun.
ants on a picnic	i told you this would happen	you never listen
rocky mountains rise	against a clear western sky,	where the eagle flies.
the stars in the sky	twinkle so bright in my eye	looking up at me
death, a mystery	never comes,never wanted	just a a menace
lonely mountain	gazing below	at fertile valleys
the time here is brief	chamber music fills the hall	when peace rules the dawn.
outside my window	it is raining all is wet	but not my spirit
bathing boys	water cools	hot tap on, and on
a great cement lion	guards my front door 	i sneak out the back.
a pond,	frog jumps in,	i follow.
i have a stick	your eyes are brown	hello carpet
existential	universal explored	quantified boredom
snowflakes pirouette	scrabble cold alphabet soup	from a haiku sky.
something tiny	boldly swimming shore to shore	in my water glass
on the lonely moors	the wind cuts into your face	stranded, far from home
a tree in twilight	i follow the sound of birds	to their silhouettes
searchlights scissor sky	siren hurds us down the tube	drowning under dricks
brown eyes black coffee,	i woke up early today,	and it was snowing.
indian summer
inside the mirror	an onion peeling itself	over and over
natural beauty	ever changing hills and dunes	cold, ruthless killer
something's gathering	the animals are long gone	thunder is roaring..
it sways all alone	nature gave it its place here	we take it from it.
outside, something brews	the wind is strong, the air's cold	nature is acting.
green towering trees	meadows with green, green grass	perfect spot to rest.
lying jerk he is,	acts all sweet and innocent,	well what should i do
sick of this torture,	feel so unhappy today,	i wrote a haiku.
horizon, moving	only when you do, constant	ruler of the sky
five, seven and five.	this seventeen syllables	caught in a pom.
looking at nature,	seeing struggle and splendour	a nw thought was caught.
i know many words	but i may not speak them here	at grandfather's grave
oregon sun sets late	three sisters sit so lonely	pale moon draws anear
birds just want to be	free as their wings let them be	cages cause them pain
one day we will die	what then is the need to kill	still we go to war
my world once so dark	light has become mute, like pitch	impenetrable
tiger in the grass	my baby boy	tickled nose
morning sun	rangitoto looms	alive at last
winter sun	warm woolen back	cloud cools
gray steamy morning	soft voice of falling rain	rose petals shudder
my heart thumps	and my eyes stare into the distance	the loud sound! its over in a flash
its fragile grip lost	a leaf drifts gently to earth -	winter calls us home
dark clouds rolling in	consume the sun with their wrath -	hotdogs on the grill
moving reflections	of clouds upon the water	blurred from gods tears
summer nights air 	both my mind and cigar smoke	drifting.
in a show of power	i take from my sister	happiness.
a grasshopper on	my hand, pretending	to be a leaf.
shopping all day	no more at ease	than before.
heart beats patiently,	i wait quietly for my love,	do i wait in vain?
i don't why life	has to be so rough	so confusing
love is what you give-	fragrant flower in the wind	the shade of a tree
once upon a time,	(how original that was)	...where was i again?
misshapen ugly	hiking boots; just the right look	to go with my brace
overturned earth for	the new garden-birds dive in	for the harvest
dont step on the cracks	in the butterfly garden	oops	one insect less.
my cuban lover	twirls the knit scarf from her neck	and she is naked.
droplets cling to glass	as if suspended in air.	spring pitter-patter.
sleep brings needed calm	after a long day of work.	close your eyes and dream.
fresh rabbit road kill	steaming in the tule fog	unseen crows chuckle
brown crosses my mind	as i flush the white toilet,	the thoughts go away
flowers are dark red	they smell like the deep brown stuff	they taste like poopy
rain is falling down.	the leaves are green and orange	i am wet and cold.
pokemon are great	they always catch the poke bait!	gotta catch em all!
the birds are chirping,	i love the mud under my feet,	leaves are returning
the leaves have fallen,	the wind just sweeps them away,	therefore kids can play.
dip drop bang boom flash	the rain, thunder, and lighting	feel, hear, see the storm
drip drop bang boom flash	the rain, thunder, and lighting	feel, hear, see the storm
something is coming. . . .	its going crack, boom, bang. . . . .	omg its a s t o r m
dog chases mouse needing food	ends up with a house with mouse	under never having mouse dinner.
a tiger in africa	hunting a gazelle	in plane site
walking through the woods	i hear click crash trees falling	waited a second
i love the sound of hocking.	like the movie meet the fockers.	the men honk when they're horny
hobos are stupid	the often life on the streets	they dont own nutting
the snow is coming down hard	ooo please	please	please	yes	no school today
rain in the distance,	blackout in the large city,	the storm is strong.
hakahaka boom boom bam!!	hefhoohaa jaja pop	illy illy hoohaa shabam
ching chang cho	boom bam bo	loop lap lah.
lolololololol lolol lolol	sdfgdfojgdsnjfhbfgnb	gbdfghfghbfghb
the wind is ice cold	the ice is everywhere	i'm stuck in winter
appetite fulfilled	all wanted, nothing needed	a life alone paid
only best and cheap pills:	free viagra. buying viagra online. natura
perfect eye exam	god in his compassion knows	already deaf
my favorite shade	of green in fashion again	-spring
snakes are eating mice,	they are very mean today,	i think one saw me.
people have good things	some people just smell nasty	and people are gross
i wish for someone	to remove pretend haiku	go back to honor
fog comes on little cat feet.	it sits looking over harbor	on silent haunches.
one window is all i need to see		the icy trees	after it just stormed.
the hawk spreads their wings	flying high up while i watch	and envy their luck
death is a wonder.	it never comes as a guest,	but as a beggar.
the wind doesn't stop,	cold is the little turtle:	he has no blanket
thunderstorms are	like a random loud boo but	then there's a flash after
he is a cheating brat,	he is cheated on my bestfriend,	wow he is a jerk
fresh cut hair itches	a reminder of my loss	i weep for the past
winter brings cold pain	these joints creak and crack and pop	when did i get old?
these words are crafty	they have stolen precious time	that you can't get back
inconceivable.	you keep on using this word.	you misunderstand.
red lights running down	the street and past the pine tree	where has the moon gone?
